Photos: The Oscars of watchmaking Calendar Watch Prize – The Legacy Machine Perpetual by MB&F took out the Calendar Watch Prize for  for its in-house perpetual calendar. Designed in conjunction with Irish watchmaker Stephen McDonnell, the platinum watch sells for around $,, and is limited to just  editions. Hide Caption  of 

Photos: The Oscars of watchmaking Public Prize – The  bis Quai des Bergues from Czapek Genève was awarded the prize for the best watch of  as chosen by the general public. The red gold wristwatch has a 'Grand Feu' enamel dial and sells for $,. Hide Caption  of 

Photos: The Oscars of watchmaking Revival Watch Prize – The  HEUER Monza chronograph from TAG took out the Revival Watch Prize. It's a recreation of the iconic Heuer Monza . Hide Caption  of 

Photos: The Oscars of watchmaking The Tourbillon Watch Prize – The Tourbillon Watch Prize  was won by the Esmeralda Tourbillon from Girard-Perregaux. The pink gold time piece is inspired by the Tourbillon with Three Gold Bridges pocket chronometer that won the gold medal at the Universal Exhibition in Paris in . Hide Caption  of 

Photos: The Oscars of watchmaking Aiguille d'Or (Grand Prize) – Winner of the Aiguille d'Or, the top prize at the  Grand Prix d'Horlogerie de Genève , was the Chronomètre Ferdinand Berthoud FB . The limited edition watch, which sells for $,, is made from white gold and titanium, and powered by an original mechanical hand-wound movement comprising more than , components. Hide Caption  of 

Photos: The Oscars of watchmaking Artistic Crafts Watch Prize – The Protocole XXL "Secrets and Lights" Venice watch from Piaget took home the Artistic Crafts Watch Prize for its micro-mosaic illustration of the Santa Maria Della Salute basilica in Venice. Just three of these $, watches were made, with the design on each handcrafted from nearly , miniscule glass tiles. Hide Caption  of 

Photos: The Oscars of watchmaking Ladies' High-Mech Watch Prize – Set with  diamonds on the bezel and featuring a white mother of pearl dial, the Cat's Eye Tourbillon with Gold Bridge from Girard Perregaux was awarded the Ladies' High-mech Watch Prize for . Hide Caption  of 

Photos: The Oscars of watchmaking Jewellery Watch Prize – Chanel took home the Jewellery Watch Prize at the  GPHG awards ceremony for its spectacular, single-edition Secret Watch "Signature Grenat". The -carat white gold watch sells for more than $,, and features a . carat carmine garnet surrounded by diamonds and orange sapphires. Hide Caption  of 

Photos: The Oscars of watchmaking Ladies Watch Prize – The pink gold Limelight Gala Milanese Bracelet from Piaget took home the Ladies' Watch Prize for . Retailing for more than $,, the diamond-set time piece has a quartz movement. Hide Caption  of 

Photos: The Oscars of watchmaking Mechanical Exception Watch Prize – The  prize for the Mechanical Exception Watch went to the Royal Oak Concept Supersonnerie from Audemars Piguet. The titanium and ceramic, minute repeater wristwatch chimes the hours and quarter hours, and sells for more than $,. Hide Caption  of 

Photos: The Oscars of watchmaking Mens' Watch Prize – The red gold, pin buckle,  Remontoire from Grönefeld was awarded the Mens' Watch Prize for . Only  pieces have been made. Hide Caption  of 

Photos: The Oscars of watchmaking Chronograph Watch Prize – The  Chronograph Tachymeter Limited Edition from Montblanc took home the Chronograph Watch Prize at the  GPHG awards ceremony. Only  of the steel and pin buckle watches will be made. Hide Caption  of 

Photos: The Oscars of watchmaking Travel Time Watch Prize – Awarded the Travel Time Watch Prize for , the self-winding Fabergé Visionnaire DTZ displays two timezones simultaneously. The pink gold and titanium watch features a self-winding, mechanical movement and has a power reserve of  hours. Hide Caption  of 

Photos: The Oscars of watchmaking 'Petite Aiguille' Prize – Winner of the Petite Aiguille Prize, the Heritage Black Bay Bronze by Tudor sells for a more accessible $,, and features an aluminum bronze alloy case. Hide Caption  of 
