
Colombia and FARC Make Peace AUG. , 
The region was also militarized by frequent coups and juntas. In , countries run by authoritarian or military governments included Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Panama, Suriname, Brazil, Bolivia, Paraguay, Chile, Uruguay and Argentina.

Today, there are no military governments in the Americas. No countries are fighting one another. And no governments are battling major insurgencies.

This progress of an entire hemisphere toward peace follows the path of other major regions of the world. Western Europe’s bloody centuries of warfare, culminating in the two world wars, have given way to seven decades of peace. The last military governments in that region, in Greece, Spain and Portugal, yielded to democratic rule in the s. In East Asia, the wars of the mid-th century — Japan’s conquests, the Chinese civil war and the wars in Korea and Vietnam — took millions of lives. Yet despite serious political disputes, East and Southeast Asia today are almost entirely free from active combat.

In fact, the world’s wars are now concentrated almost exclusively in a zone stretching from Nigeria to Pakistan, an area containing only a sixth of the world’s population. Far from being a “world at war,” as many people believe, we inhabit a world where five out of six people live in regions largely or entirely free of armed conflict.

Latin America can now join that group. Of course, this cannot make us complacent about the horrific violence in the afflicted one-sixth. Rather, by marking the progress in some parts of the world, we can place in sharp focus those parts still ravaged by warfare. Our efforts for peace in those regions can be informed and emboldened by the example of regions like the Americas. War can be transformed from a pervasive means of resolving disputes into something rare, small in scale, and outside the norms of accepted behavior.
Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world.