: 

Descent 

Into 

Tyranny 



: DESCENT INTO TYRANNY 

©  by Alex Jones 

All rights reserved. We encourage the use of this material; however, in order to prote 
the contents from change, neither this book, nor any part thereof, may be repred in any 
form without written permission from the publisher, except for brief excerpts used in 
magazine reviews, etc. 

Pred in the United States of America 

Published by 

Hearthstone Publishing, Ltd. 

 Beacon Dr. 

Oklahoma City, OK  
/- . /-. FAX /- 

Alex Jones Produions 
WWW.INFOWARS.COM 
 S. Lamar, Suite  
Austin, TX  
-- 


 


 : 

Descent 

Into 

Tyranny 

The New World Order’s Dark Plans to Turn 
Earth o a Prison Planet. 


Alex Jones 


 



Dedicated to My Grandfather, My Wife and Rex -for the past and the future. 


 



INTRODUCTION 


The New World Order system of world conquest has always been visible, but it is so 
hulking and massive that it has remained hidden in ain sight. 

One of the most common pre-conditioned resnses I hear from the average 
compartmentalized individual is that there couldn’t be a society of people working for 
world government. Those in denial proclaim, “It’s too big. . .it would unravel. . .they 
couldn’t keep it hidden. . .” 

The average person judges the world according to their moral compass. Because most 
individuals are not ruthless, sociopathic control-freaks, they cannot even begin to fathom 
the dark gulfs that are the souls of the servants of the global elite. 

The New World Order is a synthesis of the survivors of empires, of super-merchant 
families, of barbarian kings, of banking families established in the middle-ages, and of 
the royal families of Europe. Over time, they have learned that if they can simy 
conceal the true magnitude of their were and install puppet rulers from the cultures they 
dominate, the people will accept greater forms of tyranny. 

In the late  th Century, as the formation of a true world government entered its final 
stages, the globalists began to do what was unthinkable just a few years before. They 
began to admit that there really was a move towards a New World Order, comete with a 
World Court, World Taxes and a World Army to enforce its destic laws. 

Just a few years ago, the average man on the street refused to even admit the ssibility 
of a world government. Now that same individual will bellow, “Yes, there’s a world 
government - and we need it to prote ourselves from terrorism!” 

The globalists’ an is so far along that now they must admit that world government is a 
reality. Their propagandists are hailing the New World Order as the only system that will 
keep us safe and secure. 

In reality, it is the world government itself which is conduing the terrorist as. 

I can think of no better way to roduce this book than with a colleion of quotes by 
members of the global elite touting this dehumanizing system. 


 



THE NEW WORLD ORDER, IN ITS OWN WORDS 

“National Socialism will use its own revolution for establishing a new world order." 
Adolph Hitler during World War II 

“Out of these troubled times, a New World Order can emerge under a United Nations that 
performs as envisioned by its founders.” 

President George Bush, September ,  State of the Union 

“When the struggle seems to be drifting defiantly towards a world social democracy there 
may still be very great delays and disapments before it becomes an efficient and 
beneficient world system. Countless people - will hate the New World Order - and will 
die protesting against it. When we attempt to evaluate its promise, we have to bear in 
mind the distress of a generation or so of malcontents, many of them quite gallant and 
graceful-looking people.” 

H.G. Wells, in his book entitled, “The New World Order” () 

“We are not going to achieve a New World Order without paying for it in blood as well 
as in words and money.” 

Arthur Schlesinger, Jr., in “Foreign Affairs,” July/August Issue  


“Today, America would be outraged if U.N. troops entered Los Angeles to restore order. 
Tomorrow they will be grateful! This is especially true if they were told that there were 
an outside threat from beyond, whether real or promulgated, that threatened our very 
existence. It is then that ah peoples of the world will ead to deliver them from this evil. 
The one thing every man fears is the unknown. When presented with this scenario, 
individual rights will be willingly relinquished for the guarantee of their well-being 
granted to them by the World Government." 

Dr. Henry Kissinger, Bilderberger Conference, Evians, France,  

“If this were a diatorship, it'd be a heck of a lot easier, just so long as I'm the diator." 
George W. Bush, //, CNN 

“In short, the ‘house of world order’ will have to be built from the bottom up, rather than 
from the top down. It will look like a great ‘booming, buzzing confusion’ to use William 
James’ famous description of reality, but an end run around national sovereignty, eroding 
it piece by piece will accomish much more than the old-fashioned frontal assault.” 
Richard N. Gardner in “Foreign Affairs,” April  

“No one will enter the New World Order unless he or she will make a edge to worship 
Lucifer. No one will enter the New Age unless he will take a Luciferian Initiation." 

David Spangler, Direor of Planetary Initiative, United Nations 


 



“A total world pulation of - million people, a % decline from present levels, 
would be ideal." 

Ted Turner, in an erview with Audubon magazine. 


“In the event that I am reincarnated, I would like to return as a deadly virus, in order to 
contribute something to solve overpulation." 

Prince Philip Rerted by Deutsche Press Agentur (DP A), August, . 


“I must confess that I am tempted to ask for reincarnation as a particularly deadly virus." 
Prince Philip, in his Foreward to If I Were an Animal; United Kingdom, Robin Clark 
Ltd., . 

“I don't claim to have any special erest in natural history, but as a boy I was made 
aware of the annual fluuations in the number of game animals and the need to adjust the 
'cull' to the size of the surus pulation." 

Preface to Down to Earth by HRH Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, , p.. 

“We are on the verge of a global transformation. All we need is the right major crisis and 
the nations will accept the New World Order.” 

David Rockefeller 

“It is the sacred princies enshrined in the United Nations charter to which the American 
people will henceforth edge their allegance.” 

President George Herbert Walker Bush Addressing the General Assembly of the United 
Nations, February ,  

“But this present window of oprtunity, during which a truly peaceful an erdependent 
world order might be built, will not be open for long. Already there are wereful forces 
at work that threaten to destroy all our hopes and efforts to ere an enduring struure of 
global erdependence.” 

David Rockefeller Speaking at the Business Council for the United Nations, September 
,  

"In the next century, nations as we know it will be obsolete; all states will recognize a 
single, global authority. National sovereignty wasn't such a great idea after all." Strobe 
Talbot, President Clon's Deputy Secretary of State, as quoted in Time, July th, . 

"We shall have world government whether or not you like it, by conquest 

or consent." Statement by Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) member James Warburg 

to The Senate Foreign Relations Committee on February th,  

“Our task of creating a socialist America can only succeed when those who would resist 
us have been totally disarmed” 


 



Sarah Brady, Chairman of Handgun Control to Senator Howard Metzanbaum, “The 
National Educator,” January  Page  

"When we got organized as a country, and we wrote a fairly radical Constitution with a 
radical Bill of Rights, giving a radical amount of individual freedom to Americans. . .and 
so a lot of people say there's too much personal freedom. When personal freedom's being 
abused, you have to move to limit it. That's what we did in the announcement I made last 
weekend on the public housing projes, about how we're going to have wean sweeps 
and more things like that to try to make people safer in their communities." 

President Bill Clon, --, MTY's "Enough is Enough" 

“We can’t be so fixated on our desire to preserve the rights of ordinary Americans.” 
President Bill Clon, “USA Today,” March  , , Page  A 


"Whatever the price of the Chinese Revolution, it has obviously succeeded not only in 
producing more efficient and dedicated administration, but also in fostering high morale 
and community of purse. The SOCIAL EXPERIMENT in China under Chairman 
Mao's leadership is one of the most imrtant and successful in human history." David 
Rockefeller Statement in  about Mao Tse-Tung, New York Times, August ,  

“The truth of the matter is that you do have those standby provisions, and the statutory 
emergency ans are there whereby you could, in the name of stopping terrorism, 
apprehend, invoke the military, and arrest Americans and hold them in detention camps." 
 U.S. Representative Henry Gonzalez, August ,  

“We are moving toward a new world order, the world of communism. We shall never 
turn off that road." 

Mikhail Gorbachev  

“There does exist and has existed for a generation, an ernational . . . network which 
operates, to some extent, in the way the radical right believes the Communists a. In fa, 
this network, which we may identify as the Round Table Groups, has no aversion to 
cooperating with the Communists, or any other groups and frequently does so. I know of 
the operations of this network because I have studied it for twenty years and was 
permitted for two years, in the early s, to examine its papers and secret records. I 
have no aversion to it or to most of its aims and have, for much of my life, been close to 
it and to many of its instruments. I have objeed, both in the past and recently, to a few 
of its licies . . . but in general my chief difference of opinion is that it wishes to remain 
unknown, and I believe its role in history is significant enough to be known." 

Professor Carroll Quigley, in his book Tragedy and Hope, . 

“Even though it is quite true that any radical eugenic licy will be for many years 
litically and psychologically imssible, it will be imrtant for UNESCO to see that 
the eugenic problem is examined with the greatest care, and that the public mind is 
informed of the issues at stake so that much that now is unthinkable may at least become 
thinkable." 

Sir Julian Huxley, first Direor General of UNESCO, - 



“Since March , , the United states has been in a state of national emergency. A 
majority of the people of the United States have their lives under emergency rule. For  
years freedoms and governmental procedures, guaranteed by the Constitution have, in 
varying degrees, been abridged by laws brought forth by states of national emergency." 
Senate Rert - (). 

“Under Socialism you would not be allowed to be or. You would be forcibly fed, 
clothed, lodged, taught, and emoyed whether you liked it or not. If it were discovered 
that you had not the charaer and industry enough to be worth all this trouble, you might 
ssibly be executed in a kindly manner. ..." [This is compassionate liberalism.] 

Fabian Socialist Bernard Shaw in his Intelligent Woman's Guide to Socialism and 
Capitalism, . 

"Beware the leader who bangs the drums of war in order to whip the citizenry o a 
patriotic fervor, for patriotism is indeed a double-edged sword. It both emboldens the 
blood, just as it narrows the mind. And when the drums of war have reached a fever pitch 
and the blood boils with hate and the mind has closed, the leader will have no need in 
seizing the rights of the citizenry. Rather, the citizenry, infused with fear and blinded by 
patriotism, will offer up all of their rights unto the leader and gladly so. How do I know? 
For this is what I have done. And I am Caesar." 

- Julius Caesar 

"The lie can be maained only for such time as the State can shield the people from the 
litical, economic and/or military consequences of the lie. It thus becomes vitally 
imrtant for the State to use all of its weres to repress dissent, for the truth is the mortal 
enemy of the lie, and thus by extension, the truth becomes the greatest enemy of the 
State." 

 Dr. Joseph M. Goebbels in His Diary 


 



: Decent o Tyranny 


The House of World Government 

For many years I have been exsing the criminal aivities of the global elite, also 
known as the New World Order. This colleion of were-mad megalomaniacs has been 
engineering a successive string of terrorist events to usher in a corrupt world 
government  a world government where, public documents show, pulations will be 
herded o compa cities, issued national ID cards, and even given imantable 
microchips. 

In this book we are first going to look at some historical exames of tyrants and 
governments  oligarchies alike  using disasters (in many cases terrorist events that 
these tyrants themselves perpetrate against their pulations and bureaucracies) to create 
a crisis in order to convince the people to exchange liberty for so-called security. 

We will start our analysis of the use of the Hegelian dialeic of problem-reaion- 
solution by looking at some historical exames, going back to Nero, who burned Rome, 
then blamed the fire on the Christians. We will then fast-forward to Adolph Hitler, who 
burned the Reichstag (the German Capitol Building Comex) shortly after being eleed 
so that he could blame its destruion on the Nazis’ litical enemies. He did this in 
order to destroy the German bill of rights and constitution, using the crisis to declare 
martial law in the Reich. Turning next to the Northwoods document from , we will 
examine how the Jo Chiefs of Staff and many other seors of the federal government, 
up to the highest levels, were anning to blow up airliners full of American citizens as a 
pretext for war. 


 



We will also cover how the federal government trained and controlled the men who 
cooked the bomb and drove the truck in the hoble first attack on the World Trade 
Center in . The FBI was caught on video and audiotape by their informants 
admitting to helping arrange the bombing of the World Trade Center comex in order to 
get their Police State agenda through. Then, of course, in  there was the Oklahoma 
City bombing. There are staggering amounts of evidence which we will cover in this 
book proving the fa that the government had prior knowledge and was instrumental in 
engineering the attacks on the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City. 

Of course, none of you have to be reminded of the tragic events in  on September 
  . My friends, the government didn’t just have prior knowledge of the September   
Al-Qaeda attacks. They anually funded, trained, proteed, coddled, and shepherded Al- 
Qaeda o this country. The shadow government trained many of the terrorists at the 
Pensacola Naval Air Station in Florida. The White House threatened FBI and defense 
elligence officers who tried to stop Al-Qaeda with arrest and imprisonment. 


President Bush signed secret document W -eye two months before the attack of 
September , threatening US agents and obstruing their investigations of Al-Qaeda 
{BBC Newsnight Transcript, November ,  : “Has Someone Been Sitting on the 
FBI?”; Times of India, November , : “Bush Took FBI Agents off Bin Laden’s 
Trail”; AFP, November ,  “Bush Thwarted Probe Against bin Ladens”; Ananova, 
November , : “US Agents Told to Back off bin Ladens”; The Guardian, November 
,  : “FBI and US Spy Agents Say Bush Spiked bin Laden Probes Before   
September”). 


NOTE TO PUBLISHER - INSERT IMAGES - 

. IMAGE: AFP Bush Thwarted - CAPTION: AFP, November ,  “Bush 

Thwarted Probe Against bin Ladens ” 

. IMAGE: Times of India_Bush_Took_Agents_off  CAPTION: Times of India, 
November , : “Bush Took FBI Agents off Bin Laden’s Trail” 

. IMAGE: eye - CAPTION: Top-secret Washington FBI Headquarters 
Document W  -eye Ordering FBI Agents Not to Investigate Al-Qaeda 
Operatives in the US 


 


Why would the globalists in control of our elligence community orchestrate such 
terror? Right after the attacks, Bush’s approval rating went from forty-five percent to 
ninety-us percent. The U.S.A. Patriot A, which effeively eviscerated the Bill of 
Rights and the Constitution, was passed, radically expanding the scope of the already 
colossal lice state comex. Their cashless society, compa city, control grid is 
accelerating o ace as Americans scramble for “security.” 

The people were pre-conditioned before all of these attacks to give up their liberties so 
that the government could prote them from terrorists. However, we must look at who 
really stands to gain from these as and at who has the motive. Take the case of the 
Oklahoma City Bombing. The government tried the FBI’s anti-terrorism funding in 
 after the attack, but, of course, more funding and lice weres in the hands of the 
Feds only insured that the next attack would be worse. Now the government is 
demanding even more were and funding. They didn’t prote us in  from Al-Qaeda, 
did they? No, instead they funded and proteed the terrorists. 

The US government has consistently created or exacerbated problems so the social 
engineers can call for more control. For exame, the government has been orchestrating 
the phony drug war for decades. Now there is trie the heroin and double the cocaine on 
our streets (Justice Department crime statistics) than there was eight years ago. Our 
prison pulation has gone from . million to . million in the last two years, with the 
numbers of Americans who are incarcerated ever increasing. Similarly, the globalists 
held a war on verty, and now verty and personal and corrate debt have only 
increased. The government had a fifty year program supsedly fighting illiteracy. Drops 
in children’s test scores can be tracked to uniformly follow the level of government 
involvement  the more government involvement, the lowere the test scores. 

Now the government is stepping up their “war against terrorism.” As this “war” 
progresses, you are only going to see escalations in terrorist as, because after each 
hoble event the government gets more were, more control over our lives, and more 
funding. A dozen people died at the first World Trade Center attack; one hundred sixty- 


 



eight died in Oklahoma City; three thousand died in the second World Trade Center 
attack by the government. Now they are telling us to get ready for more attacks, and if we 
don’t take the imanted microchips, if we don’t accept the microchipped pulation, 
then we are going to get attacked again. Already the states admit that they are 
imementing a national ID card scheme. 

And then there is the total goal, the reason the New World Order elites are pushing all of 
this. We know they want tyranny. We know this global government is behind it. (They 
are now publicly talking about a New World Order.) How did they get all this were? 

And what is their final goal? 

Their goal is a world pulation reduion of eighty percent with everyone crammed o 
compa cities. The United Nations is preparing to release mass agues on the earth 
because the elite forces want to extend their lives with life extension technology while 
culling the “human herd” down to a “manageable level.” They know that technology is a 
double-edged sword. It can be used to emwere humanity, but it can also be used to 
totally enslave humanity. They know they are in a race against time and their window of 
oprtunity is closing. They must dehumanize us now  they’ve got to enslave us here on 
the global antation, or they are going to lose control. 

The New World Order is run by absolutely ruthless individuals who are hell-bent on 
dehumanizing the entire pulace. They are obsessed with total control. These 
megalomaniacal sadists are absolutely sworn to the creation of a worldwide tyranny 
called the New World Order. This is the evidence, and it is conclusive. 

Terror in History 

War. 

Empires are built and maained by it. Populations rally during times of war. Nothing on 
earth centralizes were like war. Throughout history, leaders have used this unifying 
force to control pulations. Humans instinively shift o mindless “group think” when 


 



faced by an outside threat  whether real or manufaured. Now, in the twenty-first 
century the system of control continues, but with more sophistication. If there isn’t an 
enemy to fight, one has to be manufaured. 

Here are some exames from history of diators using terrorism to get what they want: 

Nero and Rome 

In a.d. , on the tenth of August, Nero, the emperor of Rome, set the city ablaze while 
he fiddled. You see, he had a problem: the Christians were getting too pular. So Nero 
torched Rome and blamed it on the Christians. After this manufaured crisis, the people 
were more than happy to put the Christians o the arena and to cheer as they were torn 
them limb from limb. This persecution of the Christians is only one of many ancient 
exames of governments persecuting groups of people after creating crises. 

The Maine and the Lusitania 

On February , , William McKinley’s navy committed treason when it blew up its 
own ship in Havana Harbor to create a pretext for war with the Spanish government. 
Simy by blowing up this ship, the Maine, the United States was able to finally dominate 
the Western Hemisphere and take control of dozens of islands in the Pacific. Then in 
World War I, when the American pulation was reluant to enter the European confli, 
the British sailed one of their largest naval auxiliary ships, the Lusitania, through waters 
known to be heavily patrolled by German U-boats. The Germans ran multie full-page 
warnings in the New York Times, telling Americans not to travel on this ship which they 
knew to be heavily laden with armaments destined for the trenches. When German 
torpedoes sunk the Lusitania, Americans were faced with casualty lists of their dead 
countrymen and finally succumbed to war-fever. 

Hitler’s Reichstag 


 



And then, of course, we have the notorious Nazi regime’s use of the Hegelian dialeic. 
Adolph Hitler had already been eleed president, but he wanted to abolish the 
chancellery and to make himself Fuhrer. To do that, he had to create enough of a crisis to 
create massive levels of fear in the pulation so that they would willingly lay down their 
republic and give it o the hands of his monstrous system. 

Historical documents from Nazi archives show that on the night of February , , 
Adolph Hitler’s Stormtroopers burned the Reichstag government building to the ground. 
A wave of arrests then took ace across the Reich as the Fuhrer told the people that he 
would prote them and that they would have a Utopian world. Everything would be 
given to them by the state, as long as they offered total fealty and suprt of their Fuhrer. 
The people bought Hitler’s promise of a Utopia . . . and were totally enslaved. 

Hitler had used the alchemy of diators: the Hegelian dialeic of problem-reaion- 
solution. Attack yourself, blame your enemies, and tell the public you can prote them if 
they give up their freedoms. 


FDR and Pearl Harbor 

On December , , after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, the following words 
were broadcast across the United States by US President Franklin Delano Roosevelt. 

“Yesterday, December ,   a date which will live in infamy  the 
United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval 
and air forces of the empire of Japan.” 

It may have been a surprise attack to the American people, but it wasn’t to the federal 
government and the military. Months before the attack, they knew the Japanese were 
preparing for an all-out assault in the Pacific. 

The History Channel and many historical records have rerted that twelve days prior to 
the attack, Roosevelt knew the aual date of the strike. The government had in its 


 



ssession Admiral Yamamoto’s communique reading, “On the morning of December  
we will attack the Pacific fleet at Pearl Harbor and deal a death blow.” 

On November ,  the Secretary of the War Department, Henry Stimsom, wrote in 
his diary, “President Roosevelt brought up the event that we are likely to be attacked 
perhaps as soon as next Monday, for the Japanese are notorious for making an attack 
without warning, and the question was how we should maneuver them o the sition 
of firing the first shot." 

The Honolulu Advertiser front page headline on November ,  read: “Japan May 
Strike over Weekend.” Still, the military was told to go to the lowest level of readiness, 
the ships in the harbor were lined up in tight rows, and the aircraft on the airfields were 
put o circles, nose tip to nose tip. 

Roosevelt had campaigned to keep America out of the war, but his backers had been 
funding the Japanese war machine for years. They had also been financing and 
encouraging Hitler’s blitzkrieg. 

The Anglo-American establishment based in New York and London needed a global 
crisis to bring in a global government and the birth of the United Nations. That’s why six 
months before the attack on Pearl Harbor, Roosevelt had the naval command remove the 
code-breaking machines from Pearl Harbor, as well as dismantle the radar. They had to 
have the crisis to justify the creation of this global system of tyranny. 

Think of the dastardly deed the White House had committed, leaving our troops, our 
sailors, our boys to die. The global elite had attempted to create a League of Nations at 
the end of World War I. When it failed, World War II had to be bigger, on a larger scale, 
so the people would say, “Give us a global government to prote us from these hoble 
wars.” 


 



The Cuban Missile Crisis and the Operation Northwoods Document 


Concerning the Cuban Missile Crisis, President John F. Kennedy broadcast these words 
on Oober , : 

“Good evening, my fellow citizens. This government, as promised, has 
maained the closest surveillance of the Soviet military buildup on the 
island of Cuba. Within the past week, unmistakable evidence has 
established the fa that a series of offensive missile sites is now in 
preparation on that imprisoned island. The purse of these bases can be 
none other than to provide a nuclear strike capability against the Western 
Hemisphere.” 

In the early s, the federal government needed an excuse, a pretext, to invade Cuba. 
The government anually put the an to paper in the notorious Operation Northwoods 
document. The story was first rerted in James Bamford’s Book, Body of Secrets and 
caed in published media rerts on ABC News {ABC News, May , : “Friendly 
Fire: U.S. Military Drafted Plans to Terrorize U.S. Cities to Provoke War with Cuba”) as 
well as in the Baltimore Sun {Baltimore Sun, April , : “New book on NSA sheds 
light on secrets: U.S. terror an called Cuba invasion pretext”). 

In the Operation Northwoods document, the federal government prosed blowing up 
airliners full of Americans, saying: “Casualty lists in U.S. newspapers would cause a 
helpful wave of indignation.” The madman, the archite of this an, was General L. L. 
Lemnitzer, Chairman, Jo Chiefs of Staff. He got his Faustian an approved all the way 
up to the Secretary of Defense. President Kennedy was not amused. 

NOTE TO PUBLISHER - INSERT IMAGES - 

. IMAGE: Friendly fire - CAPTION: ABC News, May , : “Friendly Fire: 
U.S. Military Drafted Plans to Terrorize U.S. Cities to 
Provoke War with Cuba” 


 


. IMAGE: Northwoods  CAPTION: Jo Chiefs of Staff Northwoods Document 
Now Declassified Advocated the US Government Engaging in Terrorist Attacks 
against the American Peoe as a Pretext for War 

. IMAGE: Balt sun - CAPTION: Baltimore Sun, April ,  : “New book on 
NSA sheds light on secrets: U.S. terror an called Cuba invasion pretext” 


In this an, they elaborated on how Washington, D.C. could be bombed and then Cuba 
could be blamed; or how they could dress U.S. Army soldiers as Cubans, then have them 
attack Marines at Guantanamo Bay. In another part of the an, just as the U.S.S. Maine 
was sunk as a pretext for entry o the Spanish-American War, it was suggested that the 
Navy could blow up one of its own ships. The whole document is an insane testament to 
the effeiveness of the cold-blooded use of problem/reaion/solution. The document 
details how the Hegelian dialeic could be made to work in order to motivate the 
American people to get behind the government’s push for a war, in this case a nuclear 
war with Cuba and the Soviet Union. 

It’s hard for any decent person to be able to wrap their mind around the thought processes 
that the controllers are/were using. You must understand that they are after raw were 
and that history has shown that there is no better way to seize were, expand were and 
maain were than through controlled crises that harness the militant tribal enthusiasm 
of the howling mob. 

President Kennedy had always been a servant of the elite, but he was so shocked by the 
Operation Northwoods document that he signed Executive Order  shortly before 
his death announcing that he would abolish the Federal Reserve System. He also began to 
pull American soldiers out of Vietnam, and signed an order to abolish the CIA. For 
taking these decisive aions on behalf of our Constitutional Republic, Kennedy was 
assassinated. He had decided to be a leader of the people and to defend their erests. 

The New World Order could not allow that to happen. 

The  World Trade Center Bombing 


 


The Federal government had their eye on the World Trade Center comex as a target for 
a manufaured crisis since at least the early ’s. This time the problem-reaion- 
solution system was to be aivated not against some foreign enemy, but against the 
American pulation’s sense of security as a pretext to expand the weres of the security 
and elligence agencies inside the US. 

The Oober , , edition of the New York Times ran an article headlined, “Tapes 
Depi Prosal to Thwart Bomb Used in Trade Center Blast” (see also Oober , 

, New York Times', Chicago Tribune, December , : “Informants’ Recordings 
Show FBI Had Prior Knowledge of the Bombing”). The federal government was caught 
on tape by their informants ordering them to let the bombing go forward, to cook the 
bomb, to give the terrorists the detonators, to create yet another crisis . . . this time to 
usher in a lice state and a war un the American people. 

Unlike the Operation Northwoods an, the FBI anually caed out the attack on the 
World Trade Center in . They hired a retired -year-old former Egyptian army 
officer, Emad Salem, paid him $,, and gave him real exosives and a detonator. 
They told him to build the bomb and to give it to the foolish people that he was 
controlling in order to allow them to attack the World Trade Center comex. 

There was a major problem with their an: Mr. Salem was not as ruthless and 
sociopathic as the FBI and its globalist controllers. He began to get very concerned right 
before the attack, asking himself why he was being giving real exosives if this were to 
be just a “sting operation.” When he was told to let the attack go forward, Mr. Salem 
secretly recorded John Anticev, head of the New York office of the FBI, ordering him to 
let the bombing take ace. 

The World Trade Center bombing of  is just one of many stories consisting of 
government-snsored terrorism that has been swept under the rug. One of the spin 
masters’ favorite tools is to underrert stories of earth-shattering imrtance while 
magnifying stories of little or no significance to mammoth prortions. 


 



Unlike Pearl Harbor where the government allowed the Japanese to attack as a pretext for 
war, the federal government financed and controlled the  attack on the World Trade 
Center to bolster a system of anti-terrorism and to sic a homeland security system on the 
American people. One main problem with their an: the drivers of the truck didn’t park 
it against the main suprt column as they had been ordered to do by Mr. Salem and the 
FBI. Instead they parked it about a dozen feet away, and so it didn’t bring down the 
building. Consequently, the Federal Government didn’t get the massive death toll it 
needed to create the martial law system it was hell-bent on imementing against our 
Constitutional Republic. 

To the horror of the American people, the Feds finished the job on September , . 

Oklahoma City Bombing 

April , . Multie bombs ripped through the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in 
downtown Oklahoma City. As usual, Federal fingerprs were all over this tragic event. 

President Bill Clon, taking his orders from the New World Order chieftains, needed a 
crisis to get his ans for a socialized America and gun control agenda through. Taking a 
page out of history’s handbook. Bill Clon knew that a crisis of this magnitude, 
including endless images of mangled children would pull on the heartstrings of 
Americans. They would beg for the Antiterrorism and Effeive Death Penalty A 
(S.) that he had failed to pass just a year before. The bill absolutely eviscerated 
massive seions of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. 

We have been investigating the Oklahoma City tragedy for over six years and the amount 
of evidence is staggering. Let’ s just hit some of the key s: 

Oklahoma City’s NBC affiliate, KFOR, in a live broadcast immediately after the 
bombing, rerted: 


 



. . devastation that that one exosion caused, because here is now what 
we are starting to learn about the succession, or what someone obviously 
hoped would be a succession of exosions. The first bomb that was in the 
Federal Building did go off. It did the damage that you see right there. The 
second exosive was found and defused. The third exosive that was 
found  and they are working on right now as we speak, I understand  
both the second and third exosives  if you can imagine this  were 
larger than the first. So try to imagine two or threefold happening what 
we’ve already seen there. It is just incredible to think that there was that 
much heavy artillery that was somehow moved o the downtown 
Oklahoma City Federal Building.” 

A few minutes later, Oklahoma City CBS affiliate KWTV’s Jennifer Reynolds had the 

following to add: 

“We just saw, if you were watching, there was a white pickup truck 
backing a trailer o the scene. They are trying to move people out of the 
way so they can get it in. It appears to be the Oklahoma City bomb 
squad  their bomb dissal unit essentially is what it is  and it is what 
they would use if the rert that we gave you just a few moments ago 
turns out to be corre, that they have found a second exosive device of 
some kind inside that building. They will back that trailer down there, and 
the bomb squad folks will go in and they will use that trailer. . . . This is 
how they would transrt the exosive device away from this pulated 
area to try to do something with it.” 

At the same time, CNN rerted: 

“The Justice Department is rerting that a second exosive device has 
been found in the A.P. Murrah Building in downtown Oklahoma City. 

Mike, you’re still with us aren’t you?” 


 



[Mike Arnett, an attorney in downtown Oklahoma City, on phone with 
CNN] “Yes, and in addition to that, what we were told at the scene a few minutes 
ago was that in fa two different exosive devices were found in addition to the 
one that went off, for a total of three.” 

Another rerter for KWTV stated: 

“It has now been confirmed through federal authorities that a second bomb 
has been found inside that federal building in Oklahoma City. It was an 
exosion at : this morning that did that damage you’re look at right 
there  blowing off the entire north face of that building. Again, you’re 
looking at the north face. A second bomb was found on the east side of 
that building. A bomb squad is on the scene. That second bomb has not 
exoded. We don’t know quite the status yet  if they have managed to 
defuse it  but it has been confirmed that a second bomb has been found 
on the east side.” 

Oklahoma governor Frank Keating, on the telephone with rerters, said: 

“The rert that I have is that one device was deaivated. Apparently 
there is another device, and obviously whatever did the damage to the 
Murrah Building was a tremendous, very sophisticated exosive device.” 

KFOR also rerted: 

“President Clon just called Governor Frank Keating. He says that three 
FBI anti-terrorist teams are en route to Oklahoma City right now. They are 
saying that this is the work of a sophisticated group. This is a very 
sophisticated device and it has to have been done by an exosives expert, 
obviously with this type of exosion.” 


 



A door on the street outside the carnage told rerters: 


“The medical teams downtown are unable to get o the wreckage to 
retrieve more of the injured because of the presence of other bombs in the 
area.” 

KWTV rerted: 

“I just took a look down the street at the Murrah Building again. I see 
another bomb truck going, so apparently they are going to try to get out 
that third bomb that’s been talked about. Still a lot of aivity around the 
Murrah Building . . . security concerns that another one could go off.” 

KFOR also rerted: 

“Fortunately, it didn’t, because the second device that they found, we 
understand, was even more wereful than the first. They then found a third 
device. You can see the look on this woman’s face  the fear that she 
might have to go through the same thing again. They then found a third 
device, which was also larger than the first. Hard to feel lucky at this 
, but certainly through some good work by some munitions experts 
and the exosive sniffing dogs, further tragedy has certainly been averted 
here.” 

Terrorism expert Dr. Randall Hearther had this to say: 

“It was a great stroke of luck that we have anually got defused bombs. It’s 
through the bomb material that we will be able to track down who 
committed this atrocity.” 


 



It would have been an incredible help to have been able get a hold of those unexoded 
bombs. Unfortunately the BATF agents, according to lice and firefighter testimony, 
were inside removing them and spiriting them away, because they had to keep their story 
straight (that there was only one bomb, a truck bomb). Out of hundreds of people we 
erviewed, we couldn’t find a single person who said they’d only heard one exosion. 
One witness, Charles Williams, who worked in downtown Oklahoma City at the time of 
the bombing, said unequivocally that he felt two blasts very close together. 

It is historical fa, part of the public record, that there were multie devices inside the 
Oklahoma City building and that there were at least two exosions. The emergency radio 
transmission transcripts show clearly that the lice and firefighters witnessed the BATF 
removing unexoded devices. 

We also have the scientific evidence. The University of Oklahoma’s own seismographic 
rerts, as well as the U.S. Geological Survey rerts  two different scientific 
institutions  show multie exosions. But for there to have been multie exosions, 
Timothy McVeigh would have had to have accomices . . . and that didn’t fit in with the 
federal story, especially if the reality showed that it had to be a group that had access to a 
federal building for long, extended periods of time, like the BATF and the FBI. 

General Benton K. Partin, former head of Air Force Weans Development with thirty- 
us years running the Air Force Weans Development Program, has multie 
engineering degrees. General Partin was amazed by press rerts claiming that the 
building had been blown in and that a truck bomb could cause that damage, when even a 
basic understanding of exosive signatures shows that the building was blown not from 
the outside in, but from the inside out. 

Within days of the blast, General Partin was on the scene. He was, of course, barred 
access. Thankfully, from video as well as photographs of the columns, it was obvious to 
his trained eye that the columns had been blown off by shaped charges. In a detailed 
rert, the former head of Air Force Weans Development laid out the physics, the 


 



mathematics of this truth. In his rert, he stated that it was a physical imssibility that a 
truck bomb  even made with military-grade exosives  could even begin to generate 
the exosive force that was brought against the Oklahoma City Federal Building. 


Now the seismographs come in. The seismographs first registered one distin exosion, 
and then a group of exosions so close to each other that they could not be separated. 
You see, the Feds had to have a diversionary blast. They had to be able to tell the world 
that it was one lone nut  Timothy McVeigh  out front. They needed McVeigh’s truck 
bomb outside so that they could cover the fa that there were anually exosives in s ide 
the struure. If you look at the aual crater that the supsed truck bomb generated, it 
was so small that it could hardly be measured. However, in later media rerts that 
exosion grew bigger and bigger and bigger {Newsweek, May , ). 

Another key piece of evidence that General Partin raised was that a single bomb 
exosion could not account for the failure of column s that were farther away at the back 
of the building compared to the non- failure of column s that were much closer to the 
supsed truck bomb blast. He concluded that the asymmetrical nature of the damage to 
the Murrah Building was one indication that shaped demolition charges were used in the 
bombing. 

In modern history, thousands of buildings of every type and design have been destroyed 
commercially to make way for new struures. But that didn’t matter to the BATF, the 
federal government, or the media. They turned struural engineering on its head, 
demanding and telling the world that a single truck bomb anually did this damage, even 
though the blast’s signature clearly showed that the building had been blown out, not in. 
Not only was the scientific and engineering world shocked with disbelief, but the general 
public wasn’t buying the story either. They had seen what had happened. Read this news 
rert from Channel Four that aired live on the day of the tragedy: 

“Some of the floors have just crashed together. I mean, there are some 

s where you just literally can’t get in at all. And then from Chopper , 


 



at some particular s we could see all the way through the building. 

That’s the force of the exosion. It just blew out the walls and everything 
inside.” 

Outraged by the federal cover-up, leaders from across Oklahoma, led by State 
Representative Charles Key, banded together to write The Final Rert   pages 
detailing this criminal federal operation. 

Now let’s look at the cowardice of the BATF agents. You see, they received a warning . . 
. but they didn’t pass it on to the children in the daycare center. 

On KFOR, the Oklahoma City NBC affiliate, a rerter speaks with eyewitnesses who 
were working inside the Federal building with agents of the BATF. Their faces were 
blacked out to prote their identities: 

Witness’ Emoyer Speaks: ‘What he told him is that he thought they 
had received a tip that morning of the bomb.’ 

Rerter: Yet another witness, a rescue worker, says after she talked 
with an agent at the bombing scene she also suspeed the ATF was 
warned and agents stayed away from their office. 

Witness: ‘I asked him if his office was in the building, and he said yes. 

And I asked if there were any ATF agents still in the building and he said, 

“No we weren’t here.” 

Rerter: Witness # approached an ATF agent nearby. He claims he 
asked the agent what had happened and Witness # said this is what the 
agent told him: 


 



Witness: ‘He started getting a little bit nervous. He tried reaching 
someone on a two-way radio. Couldn’t get anybody. I told him I wanted 
an answere right then. He said they were in the briefing. None of the agents 
had been in there. They had been tipped by their pagers not to come o 
work that day. Plain as day out of his mouth  they were tipped. Why 
wasn’t anybody else? There was a lot of people, good people, died down 
there, and if they knew, they should have let everybody else know.’” 

Oklahoma City paramedic Tiffany Bible, who heroically resnded with her unit just 
minutes after the blast on April , , swore in an affidavit that when she aved the 
BATF was in full mock gear. Bomb gear takes at least thirty minutes to put on. When 
she asked them, “Oh my goodness, were you guys hurt inside the blast?” they said, “No, 
we got tipped off by our pagers not to come in today.” 

Linda Cavanaugh, a rerter for KFOR News, rerted: 

“Were agents forewarned about a bomb in Oklahoma City? Did they know 
the Murrah Building was a target? The ATF says no, absolutely not. But 
tonight in a story you will see only on the NewsChannel, you are about 
hear otherwise from people who were at the Murrah Building that morning. 

Woman Speaks: ‘We’re asking sime questions and we can’t get any 
answeres, so it makes us that much more curious, you know. Where the hell 
were they?’ 

Linda Cavanaugh: The NewsChannel did ask for a private meeting with 
ATF officials to discuss the credibility of these witness rerts, but the 
ATF refused saying they had no more to say on the subje.” 


 



Spin doors say Lee Harvey Oswald aed alone, and so did Timothy McVeigh in 
Oklahoma City. And we’re told to believe it, but hundreds of eyewitnesses rerted 
seeing Middle Eastern men crawling all over this operation. Let’s look at John Doe #. 

KFOR Interview: 

“As I sat there, I seen that McVeigh was with another person.” 

Interviewere: “Do you have any doubt in your mind that there was a 

passenger in the Ryder truck?” 

Witness: “Even more, I have no doubt there was. There was 

definitely a second person, no matter what. There was 
two people in this vehicle.” 

Representative Charles Key stated: “John Doe #  there was a $ million price put on 
his head. And now they are saying there was no John Doe #.” 

KFOR showed surveillance video of a man running away from the Ryder truck and 
rerted the following: 

“Our witnesses picked out a photo line-up. The NewsChannel shared the 
information and surveillance tapes of this man with FBI. They have had 
some of that material long before our rerts went on the air. 

Witness: ‘I was standing in the building and I looked out the window and 
seen the Ryder truck and I seen a man get out the Ryder 
truck. ’ 

Rerter: She was just ten feet away from the man depied in this 
sketch when he stepped out of the Ryder truck. 


 



Witness: ‘He was olive comexion and he was ... he had black curly 
hair. He was wearing a baseball cap but his curls were sticking out of his 
hat. It was short in the back but you could still the curls in his hair. He was 
not American. He was foreign. You can tell by his skin, his face, the way 
his face was. ’ 

Rerter: 

We asked FBI skesman Dan Vogel, ‘Is John Doe # still part of the 
investigation? Does he exist?’ The answere: ‘Yes, we are still trying to 
locate and identify John Doe #.’ The man in our rerts is Iraqi. Today 
the FBI says they ‘are not pursing a Middle Eastern conneion. This 
doesn’t mean it has been ruled out. That could change tomorrow.’” 

State, local, and federal lice around the country anually detained dozens of Middle 
Eastern men trying to exit the country, many of whom were former Iraqi Republican 
Guard officers like Al-Hussaini Hussain, who worked at the Boston airrt. Despite all 
this evidence, the Clon Justice Department said to release them, that they did not want 
to talk to them, and that there was no Middle Eastern conneion. 

In the making of this book, our team has erviewed scores of former and current FBI 
agents, lice officers, and deteives who were on the scene and worked the case. They 
confirmed that they detained members of the Iraqi Republic Guard who were trying to 
flee the United States. They would search their bags and find blue jogging suits and bomb 
making materials. They would try to hold them, try to charge them. According to my 
sources, they could have convied these men in front of a jury. Still Bill Clon 
demanded their release. 

Later I erviewed David Schippers, the man that impeached Bill Clon, the man that 
brought down the mob in Chicago. Mr. Schippers stated that the Oklahoma City bombing 


 



team was made up of the same people involved in the World Trade Center attack on 
September . The grand an of the Feds begins to unfold. 

The evidence shows that the Iraqis were brought to the United States after the Gulf War, 
that they had previously been trained in the ’s for the war with Iran, and that they are 
now working for the shadow government, i.e. the national security diatorship. So when 
the Feds need a crisis to distra the public we all better look out. 

Local television stations raised the obvious question: If McVeigh aed alone, why was 
the Federal Government refusing steadfastly to release the surveillance tapes? 

KFOR’s Kevin Ogle rerted: 

“The details are chilling. We’ll also focus on surveillance cameras  
cameras that caught the bombing on tape . . . and maybe the men behind 
the bombing. The NewsChannel has new information tonight that there’s a 
chance that surveillance tapes could be the smoking gun evidence. We 
asked candid questions in a rare face-to-face meeting with ATF officials 
close to the investigation. We learned that video colleed from downtown 
businesses the morning of April  may someday be ayed before a jury. 

Officials won’t say who or what exaly is on the tape. However, 
numerous sources have confirmed the tapes exist and that they reveal 
more than one bomber.” 

Jayna Davis, another rerter for KFOR, rerted: 

“This is a question we have all been asking. We’ve been asking that 
question since we first broke the story that surveillance cameras aimed at 
the Federal Building could have captured all those involved on tape. 

Sources have confirmed those tapes exist, and that they show more than 
one bomber. The FBI also confirmed those tapes exist when they refused 


 



to release them, claiming the video is part of a criminal investigation. Now 
for the first time, we get an on-the-record resnse from the head of the 
Dallas office, ATF. We learned that video could be unveiled as part of the 
prosecution’s case. No officials will discuss specifically what is on the 
video, but we have been able to recreate some of what may have been 
captured by downtown surveillance cameras through the eyes of the 
witnesses. You are looking at a computer recreation of the final 
movements of the Ryder truck according to the people who crossed its 
path at  th and Harvey moments before the exosion. Tonight at : the 
witnesses will detail their memories of how they believe the suspes 
caed out the crime and made their getaway. All these accounts share a 
common and unsettling similarity. The witnesses say they saw several 
accomices, including the infamous John Doe Number . ATF officials 
tell us the elusive John Doe is still part of this case, but will not comment 
any further. However, they did tell us there is a lot about this case we 
don’t know yet  information you can’t find in the indiment against 
Timothy McVeigh, Terry Nichols, and Michael Fortier.” 

NOTE TO PUBLISHER: PLEASE INSERT IMAGE : -JohnDoe# - 
CAPTION: Newsmax, May , : “Anti-terror Prober: OKC Bombing 
Suspe Worked at - Airrt” 

Another rert on KFOR said this: 

Kelly Ogle: “It was just hours after the bombing when the 

NewsChannel first told you about the ssibility that 
surveillance cameras may have captured the 
exosion  and the killers  on tape. Our sources and 
sources for the LA Times describe what is anually on 
those tapes. The information shows some huge 
surprises. The biggest: that it may have been John Doe 


 


Number , not Timothy McVeigh, who detonated the 
bomb. Brad Edwards has the latest in this exclusive 
NewsChannel rert. 

Brad Edwards: “Our new information comes direly from a source that 

has seen parts of those surveillance tapes. It also comes 
from rerts now in the Los Angeles Times. But perhaps 
the biggest surprise is contained in the NewsChannel’s 
own information. Timothy McVeigh was not the last 
person to leave the Ryder truck. In fa, another person 
sat inside the cab of the truck after McVeigh got out. 

We believe that man is John Doe Number , a man 
who, for all we know, is still on the loose, leaving open 
a vital question: Was it John Doe Number  who 
anually set off the bomb, not Timothy McVeigh as 
we’ve all been led to believe? NewsChannel  has for 
weeks been demanding copies of the surveillance tapes 
from the FBI. The federal government so far is 
dragging its feet, but many people in the investigation 
have seen the tapes, and now so has a source willing to 
describe to the NewsChannel what the tapes show. The 
LA Times rert shows there was a surveillance camera 
near the comer of  th and Harvey, and another near the 
corner of  th and Robinson. Federal investigators 
recreated the time sequence leading up to the bombing 
by matching the video and still photos from the 
surveillance cameras. Since we can’t show you the 
tapes ourselves, we’re reenaing what our source says 
he saw on those tapes. As witnesses told the 
NewsChannel before, the tapes show the Ryder truck 
parked in front of the Murrah Building where we now 
know the blast went off. As witnesses also told us, the 


 



tapes showed two men sitting inside the Ryder truck. A 
man strongly resembling Timothy McVeigh gets out of 
the driver’s side, steps down. He then appears to have 
dropped something on the step up o the truck. He 
bends down and appears to pick something up off the 
step. Then, he turns and walks direly across  th Street 
through the Journal Record building. All this time, John 
Doe Number  is still inside the Ryder truck sitting on 
the passenger side. Time passes. The surveillance tape 
is time-lapsed photography. Without knowing exaly 
the time erval between shots our source can’t be sure 
how long John Doe Number  sat in that cab. What was 
he doing all of that time? Then the tape shows John 
Doe Number  getting out of the passenger side of the 
Ryder truck. Again, the tape shows that a bombing 
witness accurately described what happened next to 
NewsChannel : ‘I was standing in the building and I 
looked out the window and I seen the Ryder truck and I 
seen a man get in the Ryder truck. ’ The tape shows 
John Doe Number  getting out, shutting the passenger 
side door. He steps toward the front of the truck and is 
momentarily out of the frame of the surveillance 
camera. But shortly he appears back in frame walking 
toward the rear of the truck, still on the sidewalk in 
front of the Murrah Building. Again he turns east 
toward the front of the truck, looking toward the street. 
John Doe Number  then walks diagonally across  th 
Street toward the east, as if heading toward the YMCA 
or the erseion of  th and Robinson. He again leaves 
the frame of the camera. Another camera shooting from 
another angle clearly shows the aual exosion that 


 



destroyed the Federal Building and killed  people. 

So what does the mysterious John Doe Number  look 
like in the tapes? The man who stayed inside the Ryder 
truck, ssibly triggering the bomb? His features are 
obscured by a baseball cap on the rtion of tape seen 
by our source, the same kind of cap shown on the 
comsite drawing first released of John Doe Number 
. The cap was a srts cap, flame style. The man 
himself was taller than the man resembling McVeigh, 
and much thicker in build. He appears to have a dark or 
olive comexion. Our source saw only a few minutes 
of tape. He didn’t see all of the almost twenty minutes 
of surveillance tapes that rertedly were distributed to 
FBI agents around the country to help in their 
investigation. But they do show enough to raise some 
crucial questions: Who anually set off the bomb? What 
was John Doe Number  doing in the cab of the truck 
after the McVeigh lookalike got out? And, how did 
John Doe Number  get away from the Murrah 
Building? [Rep. Charles Key says] ‘My understanding 
is there was a video of McVeigh getting out of the 
Ryder truck, jumping o this other pickup with John 
Doe Number . Where is that video? Are we ever going 
to get to see it?’ 

Do you realize what you have just read? The government had multie surveillance 
camera tapes. In fa, it finally came out in court (when the federal government declared 
in  that they wouldn’t release the videotapes because of national security 
imications) that there were anually twelve surveillance cameras tapes showing 
different Islamic individuals, Arabic men in company with McVeigh and others. The 
cameras also show the BATF agents hiding out right down the street, preparing to unce 


 



on the operation and declare themselves the heroes, the saviors, and the viims. Think 
about it. In  and o , the federal government has claimed national security and 
refused to release twelve-us surveillance camera tapes. What have they been hiding? 

The Feds never tried to use these tapes in court. If the tapes showed Timothy McVeigh 
pulling up alone and bombing the building, and if it were just a truck bomb, why not use 
these tapes to prove McVeigh’s guilt as the sole perpetrator? Why didn’t they use the 
tapes? What’s on them? After you have seen all this evidence, it is clear: federal 
involvement. They are ratcheting up the lice state right here in America, and they are 
using manufaured terrorist events to get the job done. 

According to an article run on January ,  in WorldNetDaily entitled “Was FBI 
early aval in Oklahoma City?  Hotel receipt shows top terror man showed up  hours 
before blast,” Danny Culson, the FBI’s top counter-terrorism agent, checked o an 
Oklahoma City hotel nine hours before multie blasts tore through the Alfred P. Murrah 
Federal Building. The Embassy Suites Hotel receipt for Danny Culson, the direor of the 
FBI’s Terrorist Task Force and founding commander of the Bureau’s Hostage Team, was 
dated April , , with a check-in time of . That’s military time for : a.m.  
almost nine hours before the blast. But Chief Agent Culson lied to the America. He told a 
Time magazine rerter in  the harrowing tale of how he sped at over a hundred 
miles an hour from his home in Dallas to get there after the bombing to save people and 
condu an investigation. Coincidentally, the FBI won’t release any of the credit card 
statements and records for any of their agents. What are they trying to hide? 


“The system wasn’t working. Going through the system didn’t work. I did 
everything they advised me to do. It didn’t do any good.” 

 Hoppy Heidelberg, dismissed grand juror 

Hoppy Heidelberg was an upstanding member of the community with no criminal record. 
He had been a grand juror for years, but when he started asking questions about the 


 



Middle Eastern conneion, FBI prior knowledge, and BATF involvement, the FBI had 
the bravado to come to his house brandishing firearms and to tell him to shut his mouth if 
he knew what was good for him. When he refused to be part of the cover-up and 
demanded that he be able to call witnesses as was his right as a grand juror, the judge 
kicked him off the case. 

In another bizarre twist, Martin Keating, Governor Frank Keating’s brother, wrote a 
novel entitled The Final Jihad. In the book, a Tom McVeigh masterminds the bombing of 
an Oklahoma City Federal building. Keating’s brother dedicated the book to the Knights 
of the Secret Circle, a term used by members of the Illuminati when they talk about their 
organization. Martin Keating wrote the book two years before the bombing. 

KFOR’s Finda Cavanaugh made this rert, which pertains to this novel: 

“The NewsChannel has learned of another strange development. 

Apparently, before the bombing, Governor Frank Keating’s brother, 

Martin, had been working on a novel about terrorist bombing in Oklahoma 
City. Stranger still, one of the charaers in the novel was named Thomas 
McVeigh. 

The tragic events of Oklahoma City, if the truth were made known to the public, would 
seem even more hoble and tragic. The federally-manufaured bombing is now a 
monument to the lice state, a monument to the sacrifice the government made of 
American lives, American blood and American tears. It gave the Feds an excuse to circle 
the wagons against the American people, to have a pretext to expand their lice state. 
They covered the whole operation up. It is clear that they had prior knowledge; that 
multie bombs were detonated on the inside of the building; that the Feds have grabbed 
the twelve surveillance camera tapes and are refusing to release them, even in ; that 
the FBI threatened grand jurors; and that they destroyed the crime scene by demolishing 
the building and burying it under guard. The federal government blamed this tragic event 
on Christians, conservatives, and gun owners, but if you look at the evidence, it is clear 


 



that they are behind it. They used this, just like Hitler used the Reichstag, to get martial 
law cranking in America. 

It seems that crime certainly does pay  especially when it’s government-snsored 
terrorism against its own institutions. KFOR had this to rert following the Oklahoma 
City bombing: “$ million is coming to Oklahoma soon to help anti-terrorism and 
disaster relief efforts.” That’s right, the BATF locally got tens of millions of dollars in 
extra funding. So did every other controlling federal agency. 

Increases in Federal funding to the State of Oklahoma in : 

 $. million  General Services Administration, Counter-terrorism 
Fund salaries and expenses 

 $. million  FBI salaries and expenses 

 $. million  FEMA’s Disaster Relief Emergency Contingency 
Fund. 

There was a $ billion increase in anti-terrorism funds, which was tried after 
September  . Of course, the BATF ensured that the Murrah building was cometely 
demolished so there couldn’t be any evidence of their heinous as. And  that’s right  
they anually buried the building under guard at a private landfdl with Wackenhut guards 
proteing it. 

From A to Z, there are federal fingerprs all over the Oklahoma City Bombing, and the 
government is doing everything it can to suppress the truth. Bill Clon is the servant of 
the New World Order, whose approval rating exoded after the attack. His attack dog, 
the Butcher of Waco, Janet Reno was very happy to blame everything on Christians, 
conservatives, and gun owners. It was her excuse to expand federal control over local 
lice and to merge the military with the lice in new giant anti-terrorism training 
programs where the military and lice prepare for mass gun confiscation and the 
extermination of the American people. 


 



September ,  

You’ve seen the evidence of government-snsored terrorism throughout history. Now 
let’s take a closer look at what happened on September ,  and how it is being used 
to usher in a New World Order. 

“What is at stake is more than one small country. It is a big idea. A new 
world order, where diverse nations are drawn together in common cause to 
achieve universal aspirations of mankind  peace and security, freedom 
and the rule of law. Out of these troubled times, our fifth objeive, a new 
world order, can emerge. Now we can see a new world coming o being, 
a world in which there is the very real prospe of a new world order.” 

 President George Bush, State of the Union Address, September , 

 

The Council on Foreign Relations (CFR)  an organization publicly sworn to destroy 
American national sovereignty and to usher in a tyrannical lice state  could not 
contain its glee on September , just days after the tragic attack, when its members 
announced their New World Order. At a meeting broadcast on C-Span, Gary Hart, co- 
chair of the U.S. Commission on National Security in the st Century, stated: “There is 
a chance for the president of the United States to use this disaster to carry out what his 
father, a phrase his father only used once, and it hasn’t been used since  and that is a 
New World Order.” 

There it is. The CFR anually admitted that this crisis was helping it to bring in a New 
World Order, a global government. Now let’s examine how the globalists an to get that 
job done. 


 



For decades going back to Jimmy Carter and Zbigniew Brzezinski, the National Security 
Advisor, the New World Order overlords had been breeding and creating these terrorists 
organizations, funding them, and training them to attack America. Zbigniew Brzezinski, 
co-founder of the Trilateral Commission with David Rockefeller and other luminaries of 
the global system, anually bragged in his  book The Grand Chessboard, of how 
America would be attacked by Afghan terrorists. A war for global government would 
then take ace in Central Asia that would be used as a reason to roll out national ID 
cards and a global lice state here in the United States. According to Brzezinski ’s book, 
everything that is happening now was anned decades ago. 

Brzezinski ’s book continues to exain how America must survive by following the basic 
rules of empire and how outside enemies are needed to mobilize the pulation behind 
the imperium’s hegemony. 

In The Grand Chessboard Brzezinski writes: 

"...To put it in a terminology that harkens back to the more brutal age of ancient empires, 
the three grand imperatives of imperial geostrategy are to prevent collusion and maain 
security dependence among the vassals, to keep tributaries iant and proteed, and to 
keep the barbarians from coming together." (p.) 

- "Moreover, as America becomes an increasingly multi-cultural society, it may find it 
more difficult to fashion a consensus on foreign licy issues, except in the circumstance 
of a truly massive and widely perceived dire external threat." (p.  ) 

- "The attitude of the American public toward the external projeion of American were 
has been much more ambivalent. The public suprted America’s engagement in World 
War II largely because of the shock effe of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, (pp - 

) 


 



The relationship between the CIA and the Afghan freedom fighters, the Mujhadeen, 
predates Ronald Reagan. The bonds of raprt there with the Central Intelligence Agency 
led to the creation of their super-asset: Osama bin Laden, the rich Saudi Arabian sheik 
whose family to this day builds most United States military bases in the Middle East, 
North Africa, and Central Asia. It is on the record that bin Laden is a CIA asset (see 
MSNBC article, “Bin Laden comes home to roost: His CIA ties are only the beginning of 
a woeful story,” by Michael Moran). So, every time an American president needs a 
distraion overseas, a ship or an embassy gets blown up. On Oober , , the U.S.S. 
Cole, while docked at the rt of Aden in Yemen, was attacked. Seventeen Americans 
were killed, and thirty-nine wounded  sacrificed yet again on the altar of globalism. 

for exames of this, look at Bill Clon’s Presidency. Every time Bill Clon was in 
trouble an embassy, a ship, a barracks would suddenly blow up, just like the federal 
Building in Oklahoma City. The CIA asset bin Laden was delivering time and time again, 
and Bill Clon was there, proteing him, refusing to take files from foreign countries 
like Sudan, Iraq, and Afghanistan that indicated where Al-Qaeda was in the world, where 
they were aive  even in the continental United States. Sudan offered to arrest bin 
Laden on three separate occasions. Bill Clon answered by bombing, with state-of-the- 
art cruise missiles, their only pharmaceutical ant, denying Africa desperately needed 
medicines {Los Angeles Times, December , : “Clon Let Bin Laden Slip Away 
and Metastasize”; London Times, January , , “US Missed Three Chances to Seize 
Bin Laden”; Worldnetdaily, Oober , , “Was Clon pro-Taliban?”; The Village 
Voice, Oober , , “Thanks, But No Thank s  How the U.S. Missed a Chance to 
Get Bin Laden). 

In reality the New World Order scheme is a lot bigger than just Republicans or 
Democrats. The truth is that the Central Intelligence Agency, controlled by Wall Street, 
has been grooming Bin Laden and his family over the last fifty years to carry out 
dangerous projes in the Middle East, Central Asia, and North Africa. Back in , 
according to the Times of India, the CIA worked in tandem with Pakistan to create the 
Taliban {Times of India, March , : “CIA Worked in Tandem with Pak to Create 


 



Taliban”). Then in , when the Afghans offered to arrest bin Laden, the CIA 
resnded by publicly telling them to do no such thing. They needed this bogeyman for 
one more big aion ( Washington Post, Oober , : “Diomats Met with Taliban 
on Bin Laden  Some Content U.S. Missed Chance”). Through all of this, Bin Laden’s 
family was being rewarded with giant satellite company deals, oil company mergers, and 
some of the biggest construion projes in the world. 

Gary Hart, at the CFR meeting mentioned earlier, said: 


“There is a new world coming. America will become increasingly 
vulnerable to hostile attack on our homeland, and our military superiority 
will not entirely prote us. Americans will likely die on American soil, 
ssibly in large numbers.” 


So, bin Laden in a known CIA asset that the New World Order has used time and time 
again to further its agenda. No matter what corner of the September   tragedy you look 
o, you will always find government involvement. Here, broken down for you, are just 
some of the many fas that prove that September   was part of a larger globalist 
program. 


CIA Meeting with Bin Laden in July  

Shortly after September , witnesses came forward documenting for the record the fa 
that bin Laden met with the CIA Seion Chief for ten days in Dubai in the American 
hospital. French elligence was so upset by what they had learned that they pursely 
published media rerts prior to September   specifically warning that bin Laden was 
anning to hijack aircraft and fly them o tall buildings in downtown Manhattan as 
well as the Pentagon ( This Is London, Oober , : “CIA agent ‘met Bin Laden in 
July’; Ananova, Oober , , “Bin Laden 'met CIA agent before terror attacks”; Le 
Figaro, Oober , , “La CIA aurait rencontre Ben Laden en juillet”). 


CIA Shepherds Hijackers 


 



It emerged in May of  that the Central Intelligence Agency had officers and assets 
shadowing two of the hijackers. Newsweek ran the headline, “The Hijackers We Let 
Escape,” rerting the fa that the CIA followed these two men o Malaysia where 
they had a meeting with senior leaders of the Al-Qaeda in . The CIA flew out of 
Los Angeles closely tracking Al-Qaeda-Pakistani Intelligence useful idiots Nawaf 
Alhazmi and Khalid Almihdhar. Both men attended what the FBI called an Al-Qaeda 
summit. The American people were shocked to learn that the CIA had been following 
the hijackers for four years. Even after their meeting in  with the leadership of the 
Al-Qaeda, Alhazmi and Almihdhar were allowed to return to the United States and to 
enroll in flight schools. Rerts in the BBC and the Washington Times confirmed that 
the CIA had pressured US Embassies abroad and the INS to issue visas for all  of the 
hijackers ( Newsnight , November , , “Has Someone Been Sitting on the FBI?”). 


Pengtagon Mass Casualty Exercise 

Even before July , the government had received multie warnings. The military 
distri of Washington, D.C. took the warnings of the ans to fly hijacked passenger jets 
o New York and Washington, D.C. landmarks seriously. The Army’s online news 
service rerted in its November ,  edition that the Pentagon condued a mass 
casualty exercise simulating a terrorist attack on the Pentagon building by a suicide 
hijacker flying a large passenger jet. Despite this publicly available record, a Jo 
Congressional Intelligence Committee condued a top to bottom whitewash concerning 
government prior knowledge The committee found that the government had never even 
considered the ssibility of hijacked airliners being flown o buildings. 

Of course, the Pentagon and the Defense Department didn’t need to be warned. The first 
media rerts that came out said that five of the hijackers had been trained at the 
Pensacola Naval Air Station ( Newsweek , September , , “Alleged Hijackers May 
Have Trained at U.S. Bases”). Later rerts from the Pensacola News Journal, in an 
article headlined “Pensacola NAS links faces more scrutiny,” confirmed that three of the 
hijackers had been trained there two years before the September   attack. The San 


 



Francisco Chronicle, on November , , in an article headlined “A Qaeda terrorist 
worked with FBI  Ex-Silicon Valley resident otted embassy attacks,” also rerted 
that one of the top lieutenants of Al-Qaeda was anually an FBI asset, not to mention a 
member of the U.S. Army. 


W -eye 

The next piece of evidence you are about to read is the biggest smoking gun of all. 
President George W. Bush signed secret National Security order No. W -eye telling 
FBI agents as well as defense elligence officers that if they tried to stop Al-Qaeda they 
would be arrested under national security imications ( Newsweek , Oober , : 
“Access Denied”; Ananova, November , : “U.S. agents told to back off bin 
Ladens”). 

With regards to the secret National Security order wl -eye, the BBC was told by senior 
FBI agents: “the document is marked “Secret”. Case ID--Eye W.F. ..  is 
FBI code for case type.  would be murder.  would be espionage.  means national 
security. W.F. indicates Washington field office special agents were investigating ABC - 
because of its relationship with the World Assembly of Muslim Youth, AMY - a 
suspeed terrorist organisation. ABL is Abdullah Bin Laden, president and treasurer of 
WAMY." 

This secret, leaked document has been in many publications, including BBC News 
Online, Agence France-Press, and the London Guardian. Lawsuits have now been filed 
by FBI agents who were outraged by the fa that they were not allowed to stop Al-Qaeda 
{Judicial Watch, November ,, “Aive FBI Special Agent Files Comain 
Concerning Obstrued FBI Anti-Terrorist Investigations”; The Times of India, 

November , “Bush took FBI agents off Laden family trail”). 

The global crime syndicate that George W. Bush and his family work for has everything 
to gain from the September   attacks: a national ID card, a national control grid and a 


 



cashless society. It’s part of the public record. George W. Bush signed the documents 
threatening defense elligence and FBI agents with arrest if they stopped Al-Qaeda 
(AFP, November , , “Bush Thwarted FBI probe against bin Ladens”; The 
Guardian, November , , “FBI and U.S. Spy Agents Say Bush Spiked bin Laden 
Probes Before   September”). This is the most absolutely treasonous, treacherous thing 
he could ssibly do. 

CNN’s “American Morning with Paula Zahn” rerted that FBI deputy direor John 
O’Neill resigned because he felt the U.S. administration was obstruing the FBI in their 
attempts to stop Al-Qaeda {CNN, January , , “Exosive New Book Published in 
France Alleges that U.S. Was in Negotiations to Do a Deal with Taliban”). The show 
went on to rert that Bush signed W -eye restriing the investigation. Again, this is 
high treason . . . and absolute fa. George W. Bush signed this publicly rerted 
document. The BBC has a copy of it. The body of evidence is conclusive. George W. 
Bush is an imate partner with bin Laden and a traitor to America. 

Advance Preparation for War 

Months before September , , Indian and Pakistani diomats had gone public with 
the fa that U.S. Special Forces were massing in Tajikhistan, preparing for full-scale 
invasion of Afghanistan {BBC News, September , , “U.S. ‘anned attaack on 
Taleban,”’). That’s right, the U.S. government was massing troops outside Afghanistan, 
publicly getting ready for an invasion right before September . 

FBI Deputy Direor John O’Neill’s Untimely Demise 

We have already talked about FBI Deputy Direor John O’Neill quitting because George 
Bush signed the order forbidding him to stop Al-Qaeda. The reason for his not going 
public now? Mr. O’Neill is dead. His new job was head of security for the World Trade 
Center comex and he died in the collapse of September  , his first day on the job. 


 



The London Independent, on May ,  Rerted: 

“But before leaving, O’Neill shared his grievances with the French authors Guillaume 
Dasqui and Jean-Charles Brisard. In Bin Laden: The Forbidden Truth, published last 
November, they recount O’Neill’s claim that his probe of Mr. bin Laden and al-Qa’ida in 
Afghanistan had been blocked by the US oil lobby. John O’Neill was right but he paid 
for his judgment with his life.” 

The Bush-Bin Laden Family Conneion 

The Bush and bin Laden family conneion goes back half a century, and by the s 
George W Bush and Osama bin Laden, as well as his big brother, were already 
vacationing together, and owning airrts and oil companies together {Daily Mail, 
December , , “Bin Laden’s family link to Bush”). Even before September  , the 
Wall Street Journal had called for the Bush family to end their relationship with the bin 
Ladens. 


The Carlyle Group, Oil, Opium and Bombs 

Tthe Carlyle Group is the biggest defense contraor on the anet. The majority owners 
of the Carlyle Group are the Bush family and the bin Laden family. They are profiting in 
the hundreds of billions off of this new war {Judicial Watch, September , , “Bush 
Sr. in Business with Bin Laden Family Conglomerate Through Carlyle Group”; The 
Village Voice, Oober ,  , “Bush Sr. Could Profit from War”; BBC News, 
December , , “Taleban in Texas for talks on gas pipeline”). 

While almost every seor of the market has been steadily declining, defense and security 
stocks have been increasing or holding their value. The Carlyle Group, before September 
  was listed as one of the top five defense contraors in the world. Since the attacks of 
September  , it has taken the lead as the largest defense contraor in the world thanks 
to special treatment by senior shareholder George W. Bush {Wall Street Journal, 
September , ) 


 



On December , , a BBC headline read, “Representatives of the Taleban are in 
Texas Visiting the Headquarters of Unicoi.” The article went on the rert that they were 
in Texas with the Halliburton-conneed pipeline construion company (Dick Cheney 
was the CEO of Halliburton from  to ), Unicoi to negotiate their suprt for a 
pipeline, which would be built by Halliburton. 

Afghanistan represents the heart of the Central Asian oil reserve. Central Asia has the 
second largest oil reserve in the world. It is almost cometely untapped. On February 
,  the Vice President of Unicoi, John J. Maresca, testified before the House that a 
trans- Afghani pipeline would be imssible until a single, unified were was in control 
of Afghanistan (Testimony in the House International Relations Committee). By April 
, the Head of the World Bank had opened offices in Afghanistan, at which  the 
World Bank announced it would fund the Afghan pipeline. 

Afghanistan alone supies over a third of the world’s opium supy. The region of 
Central Asia supies over half. Since the global occupation armies took control of 
Afghanistan, opium produion has skyrocketed to record levels. Europe is now awash in 
heroin, and the coffers of western elligence agencies are busting at the seams with the 
untraceable drug money. ( London Observer, November , , “With Taliban Gone, 
Afghans Look Forward to Bumper Opium Crop.” ; London Independent, November , 
,” Opium Farmers Rejoice at the Defeat of the Taliban”: London Guardian, 
February ,  “(Government) fears flood of Afghan heroin.) 

[ Note to publisher: Insert artist rendering building  

Caption: Building  was not hit by an aircraft, but imoded in a symmetrical fashion 
consistent with professional demolition charges] 

The Buildlings’ Collapse 


 


Dozens of respeed publications have asked the sime question, “What brought those 
buildings down?” Especially Building , which wasn’t even hit by an aircraft. New York 
firefighter Louie Cacchioli, , who was trapped inside the building rerted that 
multie bombs were going off all around him {Peoe Magazine, September , ). 
There were other witnesses: former military munitions experts and lice officers, as well 
as struural engineers who made similar observations. The oldest fire fighting magazine 
in the country was absolutely outraged, demanding a real investigation. According to 
their evidence, there is no way aircraft could have brought down those buildings {Fire 
Engineering, January  Issue, “WTC Investigation? A Call to Aion”; New York 
Daily News, January , , “Firefighter Mag Raps /  Probe”). 

And don’t forget Building . Nothing hit Building , and still it collapsed in a 
symmetrical fashion. Building  was Part of the World Trade Center comex, standing 
 stories high. On September , during my live radio show, I called a friend, Jimmie 
Wright who has a degree in struural engineering and who worked in the World Trade 
Center comex in the World Financial Center Building. Mr. Wright rerted live on the 
air as the buildings were collapsing that it was the “most beautiful demolition imosion 
that he had ever seen.” Later in the day we talked to Jimmie Wright again. He said 
buildling  had imoded as well. 

Pre-warnings to Public Officials 

The September , , The San Francisco Chronicle rerted that Mayor Willie 
Brown was warned by the federal government not to fly on September  . He was 
warned the evening before. Now under pressure from the White House, Willie Brown 
refuses to say exaly which federal agency warned him, maaining only that he was 
warned not to fly on September   . If only the American people had gotten that warning. 
But of course, if the people had been warned, then the anned attack wouldn’t have had 
its desired effe of causing the people to beg for a nightmare global lice state. 


 



On September , Salmon Rushdie, author of The Satanic Verses, got a warning from the 
U.S. authorities not to fly. They went so far as to ban him publicly from air travel. The 
FAA admits on record that they took this aion. Here you have more chilling evidence of 
the U.S. government’s prior knowledge ( Times of London, September , , 
“Rushdie’s Air Ban”). 


Warnings from Abroad 

Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak says that he gave the United States specific warnings 
that something big was going to happen in New York  days prior to September   th . In 
an erview in December of , he stated, “'We expeed that something was going to 
happen and informed the Americans. We told them." 

Other warnings were ignored from Russia, Israel, Germany, and France. On September 
,  Ananova news service rerted that German lice confirmed that an Iranian 
dertee phoned warnings to US lice agencies including the Secret Service about the 
impending attack on the World Trade Center. 

A month before the attacks, Israel elligence warned US elligence of Al-Qaeda ans 
to attack highly visible targets like the Pentagon, World Trade Center, White House and 
CIA Headquarters ( London Guardian, September , , “Israeli security issued 
urgent warning to CIA of large-scale terror attacks”). 

Door Tatyana Koryagina, a leading Russian economist in Yladymir Putin’s inner circle, 
in an erview with Pravda on July , , stated that America was a giant financial 
iceberg and that a private $ trillion group working towards world government was 
going to launch an attack on the US financial system. During this erview she also 
stated that the attack would come in the next few months. 

Flight School Warnings 


 



The flight school in Minnesota where Zacarias Moussaoui was training called the FBI 
numerous times with grave concerns that Moussaoui didn’t want to learn how to land. 
(Star Tribune, December , , “Eagan flight trainer wouldn't let unease about 
Moussaoui rest”). When the FBI Agents tried to get warrants to search Moussaoui’s 
computer and tap his phone, the higher-ups at the FBI refused to give them to him. 

The FBI Agents who were trying to investigate the  th hijacker said they were 
threatened, thwarted, obstrued, and imidated for trying to do their jobs. Frustrated 
agents in Arizona and Minnesota got together and speculated that an Al-Qaeda mole had 
infiltrated the FBI ( Washington Times, May , ). The Agents had it backwards: the 
FBI, through the elligence community, controls Al-Qaeda. 

Then, after September   th , multie groups of -man Syrian and Sudanese teams began 
aving at a Fort Worth, Texas flight schools, despite the fa that both nations have been 
listed by the State Department as snsors of terror. The men had M-l visas which were 
set to expire in a month, but they still demanded that the Mecham Airrt Flight School 
train them. After a second wave of Syrians aved at DFW Airrt, the Chief Inspeor 
for the INS confronted them with the fa that there was still a small ane training ban in 
effe. The Syrians resnded by saying that the flight ban was about to be lifted. When 
the INS Chief Inspeor called the FBI to tell them that the men were in violation of 
immigration laws and that he was suspicious, the FBI said that the men had their 
blessings to attend the flight school ( WorldNetDaily , Oober , ). 


Eye in the Sky 

For over  years, the National Security Agency has had voice recognition software that 
is able to single out key words and statements and to red flag them for analysis. 

Antennae farms ring the anet, ercepting every type of radio traffic, recording satellite 
transmissions, and analyzing emails and faxes. By , the Echelon system operated 
by the US, the UK, Canada, Australia and New Zealand had openly installed giant 


 



snooping hubs o every telecommunication system. Every phone call in the world, at 
come , is routed through Echelon, then routed again through Europe’s system, 
known as Infol . Those fully aware that Big Brother is indeed watching at all times, 
wonder how on earth something like September   th could happen without the 
government knowing about it. 

The fa is, the NSA had received many warnings in the years and months preceding the 
attacks of September   th . The day before September   th , the NSA ercepted two 
detailed messages out of Afghanistan discussing specific attacks on New York. 

( Washington Post, June , , “NSA Intercepts On Eve of /  Sent a Warning”). 
Un learning the news that someone deep inside NSA had leaked the information of its 
foreknowledge, the White House went o a rage, demanding the individual resnsible 
for exsing government comicity be brought up on treason charges. 

Now, a major prevision of the Homeland Security total takeover legislation is that there 
will no longer be any Title  whistleblowere proteion for any of the , Federal 
emoyees who will work for the Homeland Security behemoth ( Washington Times, 

June , , “Security Bill Bars Blowing Whistle”). That means that government 
officials now have open license to engage in more waste, fraud and to use their favorite 
mechanism of control  terrorism. Federal emoyees will now be gagged slaves  the 
property of the state, forced o comicity, silently watching the corruption as it spirals 
out of control. 


Agents Come Forward 

On May ,  Judicial Watch, the public erest law firm known best for its role in 
the impeachment of Bill Clon, held a press conference at the National Press Club 
featuring FBI Special Agent Robert Wright. Agent Wright, standing well over  feet, 
began to cry shortly after he began to tell his story. He said that he had been threatened 
that he would be arrested on National Security violations if he told the press what he 
knew about government prior knowledge. 


 



Representing Agent Wright, David Schippers, former lead council in Bill Clon’s 
impeachment in the House Judiciary Committee, stated that the agents that he represented 
could not divulge the majority of their information on government prior knowledge. He 
said that there many other agents from around the country who wanted to come forward 
and tell how they had been prevented from stopping Al-Qaeda. They were unable to do 
so because of similar threats. Schippers himself had received a letter from the Justice 
Department the day before the press conference threatening all those coming forward 
with arrest. 

Larry Klayman, President of Judicial Watch, went on to  out that the Bush family 
likes to vacation with the bin Ladens and to stay at their home when they are in Saudi 
Arabia. Judicial Watch also questioned why the FBI, that had threatened Robert Wright 
and many other agents, was so suprtive of FBI Agent Coleen Rowley, who had come 
forward with peripheral information about prior knowledge. The reason the FBI did this 
was because they were desperate to have the appearance that they were not engaging in a 
cover-up, and Coleen Rowley, in her now-famous memo, was stating that she had been 
blocked from going after the hijackers, but that it was just a bureaucratic snafu, and that 
the government just needed more funding. 

In the first seven months after September , those of us in the research community who 
understood what had really happened at the World Trade Center and Pentagon were 
rerting the truth to the people through alternative media channels. The globalists were 
stunned by the speed at which the information chronicling their program was being 
disseminated. They had to get control of the situation, so they admitted that there was 
lots of prior knowledge, insisting that the reason for this was that there were too many 
agencies and that they couldn’t communicate with each other. 

As a solution they prosed total centralization of were under the Executive Branch and 
a massive $ billion increase in anti-terrorism operations. All , neighborhood 
watch programs were to go under FEMA, Americorps would need to recruit  in  


 



Americans to be paid spies of the Federal Government, and the new Northcom Command 
(which had been set up just prior to September ) would put ,+ US Army troops 
on the streets, with foreign armies standing by to save us “if we needed the help.” They 
put out this spin, and their willing accomices in the government-controlled media were 
able to cometely sidestep issues of insider trading, CIA-Al-Qaeda comicity, Bush on 
Cipro etc. 


Colonel Comes Forward 

In early June of , Lt. Col. Steve Butler, the Dean of the Defense Language School in 
Monterey, California wrote a letter to the editor of the Monterey Herald, saying that Bush 
had prior knowledge and stood to gain from the attack. In this letter Colonel Butler 
stated, "Of course Bush knew about the impending attacks on America. He did nothing to 
warn the American people because he needed this war on terrorism. His daddy had 
Saddam and he needed Osama.” 

The press rerted that Colonel Butler was suspended from his st, and that the Air 
Force was preparing to Court Marshall him under Article  of the Uniform Code of 
Military Justice, which forbids bad-mouthing commanding officers or the President. A 
June ,  Reuters article rerted that Colonel Butler’s case had been resolved 
without moving to a Court Martial. The schemers at the Pentagon undoubtedly got a call 
from deeper in the bowels of the national security diatorship telling them not to condu 
an embarrassing trail where Butler could bring forth the evidence of the globalists’ 
wicked deeds. 


The $ Billion Lawsuit 


I erviewed San Francisco attorney Stanley Hilton on my syndicated radio talk show. 
Hilton is the lawyer who filed a $ billion lawsuit on behalf of four hundred family 
members of viims who died in the World Trade Center, Pentagon and Pennsylvania 


 



crash sites. He filed his suit in US Distri Court against President Bush and other top 
government officials for allowing the terrorist attacks to occur. 

Hilton has also been in consultations with Air Force Lt. Col Steven Butler, and says that 
what the press won’t tell you is that Col. Butler is enraged over the fa that he was 
forced to train the lead hijacker, Mohammed Atta at the Defense Language School in the 
late s. That’s the same Mohammed Atta who was given training at the Pensacola 
Naval Air Station with two other principal hijackers. Hilton says that Butler has been in 
conta with hundreds of graduates from his  years at the Defense Language School 
(which trains code breakers and spies for the military) who are outraged over government 
comicity. Butler told Hilton that it is common knowledge in Defense Intelligence that 
the entire September   th tragedy was engineered to be a trigger to get the American 
people in a frenzy which would then allow the Bush Administration to tighten its 
litical grip. 

Stanley Hilton told the listeners of my radio broadcast that he has proof from dozens of 
high-level officers in every branch of the Armed Services, especially the Air Force and 
Space Command based in NORAD, that Bush ordered the fighter aircraft to stand down 
on September   and that Bush conspired to create the September   attacks for his own 
litical gain. Named in the suit were Vice President Richard Cheney, National Security 
Advisor Condoleeza Rice, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Transrtation 
Secretary Norman Mineta. 

Stanley Hilton is a former top aide for Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole and has written 
critically acclaimed books concerning government-snsored terrorism throughout 
history. He says that he also has sources in the CIA, FBI, NSA and Naval Intelligence 
who can confirm the allegations made in the lawsuit. 

Proteing the Taliban 


 



But you are saying, “Hey, wait a minute. What was that whole war about? We went in 
there and took out the Taliban, Right?” No. The military escorted out a coue hundred 
goat herders to torture them publicly at “Camp X-Ray” in Guantanamo Bay. The real 
leadership of Al-Qaeda and Taliban, the few that were left in Afghanistan when the war 
started, were flown out to safety and paid in gold bars in Pakistan by the U.S. federal 
government ( The Times, January , , “U.S. ‘let Taleban men escape’”). 

Conspiracy Fa 

George W. Bush, in a speech at the United Nations broadcast on CNN on November , 
, told the people not to tolerate anyone who investigates these fas: 

“Let us never tolerate outrageous conspiracy theories concerning the 
attacks of September , malicious lies that attempt to shift the blame 
away from the terrorists themselves, away from the guilty.” 

According to him, it’s un-American to investigate the fas. 

What you are about to read is not a Freudian slip. It is a carefully crafted speech as Bush 
throws it in your face about dark cults of evil getting were out of human suffering. 

President George W. Bush at the Pentagon Memorial: 

“The hijackers were in s truments of evil who died in vain. Behind them is a 
dark cult of evil who seeks to harm the innocent and thrives on human 
suffering. Theirs is the worst kind of cruelty  the cruelty that is fed, not 
weakened, by tears. Theirs is the worst kind of violence! Pure malice 
while daring to claim the authority of God. We cannot fully understand the 
designs and were of evil. It is enough to know that evil  like goodness  
exists. And in the terrorists evil has found a willing servant.” 


 



The Schippers Interview 


Five months before September , David Schippers, the man who impeached Bill 
Clon and brought down the Chicago mob, booked investigative rerter Jayna 
Davis on “The O’Reilly Faor.” Davis warned of an impending terror attack on 
lowere Manhattan. 

Following is a transcript of an exclusive erview with David Schippers from my 
syndicated radio broadcast, The Alex Jones Show: 

DS: I began to get information concerning a Middle Eastern conneion 

to Oklahoma City 

AJ: We’ve had Colonel Craig Roberts, who was a deteive working 

the case, on this show many times  a month before the attack 
prediing that one was imminent. He has all that same 
information. They anually arrested some of these guys and the 
Justice Department in ’ said, “Release them.” 

DS: That’s right. And the word’s out even today that they  the 

Oklahoma City Police  are not allowed to touch them. And again, 
from what I’m understanding, they are up to something again in 
Oklahoma City. I don’t know what it is or what their target it, but 
these same people are at it again. 

AJ: Now later, you got it from FBI agents in Chicago and Minnesota 

that there was going to be an attack on lowere Manhattan. 

DS: Yeah, that’s what started me calling. First of all, I tried to see if I 

could get a congressman to go to bat for them, and at least bring 
these people out there and listen to them. I sent them information 
and nobody cared. It was always, “We’ll get back to you.” Then I 
reached out and tried to get to the attorney-general when finally we 
got an attorney-general in there that I would be willing to talk to. 
Again, I used people who were personal friends of John Ashcroft 


 



to try and get him. One of them called me back and said, “All 
right, I talked to him. He will call you tomorrow morning.” This 
was like a month before the (jet aircraft suicide) bombing. The 
next morning I got a call. It wasn’t from Ashcroft. It was from 
someone in the Justice Department . . . 

AJ: One of his handlers . . . 

DS: Yeah, and I started telling him the situation. He said, “You know, 

we don’t start our investigations at the top.” I said, “I’d like to talk 
to the attorney-general because this is vital.” He said, “We don’t 
start our investigations at the top. Let me look o this and I’ll get 
back to you.” Well, as I sit here today, I’ve never heard back from 
him. 

AJ: Again, David Schippers, you’re big in Washington. You were the 

top lawyer who got Clon impeached. You are highly respeed. 
You know the senators, the congressmen. You’re calling up. 
You’ve got these FBI agents and others feeding you this 
information. They are being pulled off the cases. They are angry. 
That’s even been in the news in Minnesota and Illinois. They know 
what is going to happen. The Sudanese in ’ and ’ tried to 
arrest bin Laden for Clon, tried to give us the names of Al- 
Qaeda. Clon wouldn’t take it. 

DS: He didn’t want any part of it. 

AJ: Wouldn’t touch it. So we’ve got all of this developing. We’ve got 

lice officers and FBI on the ground who know who bombed 
Oklahoma City. They’ve got them in custody with blue jogging 
suits and bomb-making comnents. They are ordered to release 
them. All of this is unfolding. , to , Iraqi Republican 
Guard. We know there is a Saddam-Iraqi conneion here. They 
knew this. Why in the world, David Schippers, did they allow this 
to take ace, is the question. 


 



DS: I’ll tell you something, This is one of the things. To me, it is 

almost inconceivable, inconceivable, that with the knowledge they 
had, that they would turn their back. Just assume that they had 
investigated and gone in after the Oklahoma City bombing as they 
are doing now. There never would have been an attack on the 
Trade Toweres. As a human being, as a former prosecutor, as a 
lawyer, as a guy who represents agents all over the United States, it 
is inconceivable to me that those bureaucrats in Washington would 
turn their back on the obvious for their own purses. 

AJ: And now the World Trade Center comex is absolutely destroyed. 

DS: There’s more coming. 

AJ: Now you know that from your sources  I know you represent a 

bunch of FBI agents who are hopping mad, you probably can’t talk 
about the specifics. You say they are hopping mad. You say you 
are representing them. Are they getting ready to sue or something? 

(Note: by mid-May , several of the FBI agents represented by 
Schippers have attempted to go public, but the Bush administration has 
been successful in pressuring Congress to confine their memos dating 
from before September   th warning of Al-Qaeda’s ans to hijack aircraft 
and to fly them o buildings. Their testimony has been confined to 
secret elligence committees, and now the media is focusing on 
fragments of the giver story of government prior knowledge and 
involvement in September   th , thus whitewashing the entire story.) 

DS: They are hoping to. I don’t want to get them o court. I want to 

get them o the Intelligence Committee, someone who has the 
authority and the ability to go the FBI bureaucrats and say, “Butt 
out. We’re going to do this right.” 

AJ: I’m sure you’re aware that on the History Channel, they’ve been 

rerting for years, and its now confirmed, that we had prior 


 



knowledge of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor and they 
allowed that to take ace. And now you see the U.N. emwered, 
the World Court emwered. It looks like the U.N. is going to get 
to take over the oil supy in Central Asia. The face-scanning 
cameras were in trouble; now they are on the fast-track. This has 
sure brought the lice state un us. 

DS: It sure has. And I’ve been saying for years that once you’ve had 

license, which we’ve had, the next step is tyranny. It really is 
scary. The whole thing is scary. The American people are saying, 
“I want to be safe.” Ben Franklin said, “If you give up your 
liberties for security, you will eventually lose both your security 
and your liberties.” 

AJ: Absolutely. What was the el you were getting from these agents. 

What were they saying? 

DS: This agent here in Chicago filed the affidavit where he laid out the 

whole way that the money moves; the way it is handled; how it 
comes out of the Middle East o the Chicago area  not only 
Chicago, but o the United States; how it is covered; how the 
operatives are covered; and then how the money is transferred 
back; and where it is kept while it is here. And that affidavit ran 
like thirty pages. Laid it out. He had to go through hell on earth in 
Washington. He had to fight like a tiger. Everyone in his own 
bureau and in the Department of Justice was against him, and still 
is. 

AJ: Now, the FBI agents in Minnesota knew about all this and had the 

evidence, but they couldn’t even get a wire tap or a warrant to 
search these guys. We’re talking about some of the aual 
hijackers. 

DS: Exaly. This woman (Jayna Davisjthat was talking to me. She had 

other contas in Naval elligence and other areas. She was 
rerting there was one of these terrorists that was involved or 


 



conneed with the bombing in Oklahoma City was working at the 
Boston airrt. A friend of mine who happens to be an agent had 
information showing that there were Hamas agents working in 
baggage areas at O’ Hare airrt with free access to any part of the 
airrt. But no one would listen. Clon and his boys didn’t want 
the United States to realize that Flight  was a terrorist attack, 
and that Oklahoma City was a terrorist attack, because they didn’t 
want to have to admit that the elligence of the United States was 
totally destroyed. 

AJ: Craig Roberts says it best. They wanted to demonize the patriots, 

the Christians, and create this ernal security force to watch 
Americans, because the precious Arabs can’t do anything wrong. 

DS: That is exaly what they started. I can’t remember exaly what 

nitwit it was who said, “You know, you can really blame some of 
the Rush Limbaughs and the talk show hosts who are fomenting 
this terror.” 

AJ: That was Bill Clon. 

DS: Clon made that statement. They had a handy guy in McVeigh. 

They had a real handy guy. I also know  and I know this through 
affidavits that I’ve read  that there were people, eyeball witnesses, 
who saw the Middle Eastern man running from the scene alongside 
McVeigh. 

AJ: And why don’t the Feds just release those twelve surveillance 

camera tapes if it is just McVeigh alone? 

DS: Surveillance camera tapes are going to show that there was a 

Middle Eastern man running with him. Some of these people who 
gave affidavits were erviewed by the FBI during the course of 
the investigation. They were erviewed about the second person 
they saw, and the agents tried to make them say that the second 
person was Nichols. Every single one of these people said, 
“Absolutely not. It was a Middle Eastern- type individual.” 


 



AJ: Al-Hussaini Hussain. 

DS: Now, listen to this. None of those s  those investigative 

rerts  have ever surfaced. Now the FBI comes up with all these 
thousands of documents that they claim they overlooked. But the 
key ones where they tried to get the witnesses to say it was Nichols 
never surfaced. 

AJ: What were they saying about the attack on lowere Manhattan? 

DS: The original rert I got was that they had arranged for three 

attacks on the United States. One: They were going to take down 
an airliner. Two: They were going to attack a federal facility in the 
heartland of the United States. 

AJ: The first was TWA Flight . The second was Oklahoma City. 

DS: And the third one was going to a massive attack in lowere 

Manhattan. The original an was a suitcase taical nuclear 
wean. These people that I was talking to were very, very 
credible people. 

AJ: Here’s the bottom line question. You’re getting o an attack on 

lowere Manhattan  the third big attack. What did you say? Who 
did you talk to? We know you tried to get to the attorney-general. 

DS: My first move was to go through some of the people I knew in 

Congress. I was really working on a two-front war. On the one 
hand I wanted to get someone to listen to Jayna [Davis, of KFOR 
News] about Oklahoma City and what was coming up  what may 
be coming up. On the other hand, I was trying to get somebody to 
understand that Hamas has infiltrated the United States. I tried the 
House, I tried the Senate, I tried to get to the Department of 
Justice. The very people who put up roadblocks about the terrorists 
under Clon are still there. They still constitute almost like a 
moat between the people with information and the people who 
should hear the information. 


 



AJ: So, when you’re talking to these Justice Department people and 

folks in Congress, trying to give them all this information, what do 
they say to you? 

DS: “Oh, my, that’s wonderful. We’ll get right back to you.” I have 

never got a call back. I was on a radio program back east, in 
Pittsburgh, and I hed at this, I hed that the FBI was sitting on 
information when they should have been sharing it with others, and 
as a result there was a breakdown in elligence. The next 
morning I got call from the office of the Speaker of the House, 
who happens to be an Illinois Republican. 

AJ: Dennis Hastert 

DS: Yes, Hastert. They said, “We understand you’ve got some 

information, etc.” I said, “Yes, I do. I would really like to share it 
with somebody. I’ve got at least two, and maybe three, witnesses 
that should be subenaed to come out there and testify in 
executive session and tell you what I was talking about.” “Okay, 
we’ll get back to you.” I’ve never heard again. A coue of days 
later I got a call from the Senate Intelligence Committee. “We hear 
that you’ve got information, etc.” “Yes, I have information and I’d 
be perfely willing to bring it out to you, or I’d be perfely 
willing to have my witnesses go in there and testify, but they have 
to be subenaed.” “Okay, we’ll get back to you.” That was last 
week. I still haven’t heard from them. I talk to people like you who 
are in the media, people who are really well aware of what is going 
on, and they cannot believe that this can happen. Strangely enough, 
the one group I have not heard from is the FBI elligence people. 
Of course, if I did hear from them, I wouldn’t talk to them anyhow 
because they are totally incompetent. 

AJ: They got their funding tried after the suicide attacks. . . 

DS: Sure, boy, that’s great. They can all get a raise, and they can all sit 

around and tell everybody their informants tell then this and 


 



informants tell them that. I’m still trying to get somebody to listen 
to me out there, and to listen to my witnesses. You know, Jayna 
Davis, had the same stuff she showed me, she walked o the FBI 
office in Oklahoma City shortly after the bombing and said, “Here. 
I have all this material. It may be of some assistance to you.” They 
said, “We don’t want it.” They refused to even take it. 

AJ: Just like Sudan trying to give us the names of Al-Qaeda and arrest 

bin Laden . . . 

DS: Exaly. 

AJ: . . . and they said, “We don’t want to do that.” Well, then, I think if 

you’re an investigator, you’re a prosecutor, Mr. Schippers. You 
prosecuted the president of the United States. Successfully got the 
indiment . . . 

DS: Prosecuted the outfit here in Chicago for five years. 

AJ: ... so you know, you can see the motive. I see more elligence 

funding. I see a cashless society with the biometrics. I see an 
expanded U.N. I see NATO anes patrolling our skies. U.N. 
General MacKenzie, on “Nightline,” September , eight days 
after the attack, said, “We need U.N. troops on our borders.” I see 
global government being emwered, and a takeover of the Middle 
East and Central Asia by the West. I see great dividends for them 
by allowing this to happen. 

DS: I hope you are wrong. I do. But I can’t fight with you or argue with 

you on it, because it does seem to be heading that way. 

AJ: For trying to prote their country, the heroes get crucified. 

DS: The heroes get crucified, and the bureaucrats sit out there and tell 

each other what a great job they are doing until another city blows 
up, and then they say, “We need more tools.” They have all the 
tools in the world. They could have found the money years ago, if 
they had just listened. We’ve got to go public because we tried to 
do it the right way. We tried to do it by going to the people in 


 



whom you would normally rese your confidence and trust. It 
didn’t work. Nobody cares. 

AJ: Well, we know this. The bureaucrats are going to get even more 

funding now. 

The Anthrax Attacks 

You want more evidence of prior knowledge? On Oober , , the Associated Press 
rerted that Ari Fleischer, in a White House press briefing, admitted that George W. 
Bush and much of his cabinet were already on Cipro on September , four weeks before 
the first traces of anthrax pped up in Boca Raton, Florida. Since then, the FBI had 
admitted that the anthrax was sent from Fort Detrick, Maryland, a U.S. biological 
weans lab. The anthrax letters aved at the Capitol building at a critical junure, just 
as the USA Patriot A was being considered. 

Pakistan’s Secret Police and the “Airlift of Evil” 

Pakistan’s Secret Police (ISI) is a publicly known front of the CIA. In , US 
elligence agencies aided General Musharraf in a successful coup. In late , 
Pakistani elligence, using US aircraft, airlifted , taliban and al-Qaeda leaders to 
safety out of Afghanistan {MSNBC, November , , “Airlift of Evil”; The New 
Yorker, January , , “The Getaway”; The Times, January , , “US Let 
Taleban Men Escape”). 

In the summer of , Pakistani ISI chief, General Ahmed, ordered an aide to wire- 
transfer $, to Mohammed Atta, who, according to the Federal Government, was 
the head terrorist in the suicide hijackings. Soon after revelations of this transaion 
surfaced, General Ahmed resigned. 

Who would have ever guessed that General Mahmoud Ahmed, the Head of Pakistani 
Intelligence, the man who wired $, to Mohammed Atta, would just so happen to 

 



be in Washington DC the week of September   th ? General Ahmed aved September 
 th in the United States on an official visit and State Department visa. From September - 
 he met with the heads of U.S. elligence, including CIA Direor George Tenet. 

On the morning of September , General Ahmed was in a breakfast meeting on Capitol 
Hill with both of the chairmen of the Senate and House Intelligence Committees, Senator 
Bob Graham and Representative Porter Goss. Months later, in July , these same 
Congressmen on the Jo Intelligence Committee feigned ignorance and condued a 
shameless Warren Commission-style whitewash of the government prior knowledge 
story. 

It is imrtant to note that the government prior knowledge story that dominated the front 
pages of newspapers in May of  was in itself a distraion. The propagandists knew 
that they were losing control of the story as more and more people began to come 
forward to blow the whistle on government involvement in September   th . As concrete 
fas began to emerge documenting the evidence that September   was a carefully 
crafted elligence operation condued by the West, they needed to get out in front of 
the story and to gain control of it. Ari Fleischer and Condoleeza Rice, and even Bush 
gave speeches admitting that mistakes were made, but “it was all accidental. They just 
missed the clues. . .and if the people would just give up their liberties the security forces 
would be more than happy to ensure their safety.” 

The problem wasn’t that the CIA had founded, funded and shepherded the radical Islamic 
brigades, nor was it that they were using these groups to destabilize Arab countries as a 
type of super-provocateur core, it was that the triing of the anti-terrorism budget in 
 wasn’t enough. The ernal security forces needed an additional $ billion “to 
keep us safe.” That’s why they missed all the warnings. 

That’s right, Bush “missed” all the warnings, from the French, from the Germans, from 
the Russians, and from the Iranians. I guess that’s why he had already gone over detailed 
war ans to occupy Afghanistan on September  th (source: MSNBC, May , ) and 


 



had the necessary documents on his desk ready to be signed. Of course, he had to wait 
until September   th , when the CIA-controlled Al-Qaeda caed out their operational 
orders and gave him the pretext to make his move. 

Military in Place Prior to - 

In early September,  years of military anning came together just in time for 
September   th . In a giant exercise code-named Operation Swift Sword, , British 
troops had massed in Oman. Coinciding with Operation Swift Sword,  US caer battle 
groups aved right on time in the Gulf of Arabia, just  miles off the Pakistani coast. 
Simultaneously, more than , US troops rendezvoused with , NATO troops in 
Egypt for Operation Bright Star. 

The entire military force was in ace before the first passenger jet slammed o the 
World Trade Center (sources: Fox News, CNN, The Observer ). Then, on the  th of 
May,  the White House put out a press release saying that the President had papers 
on his desk that would set in motion an attack on the Taliban and al-Qaeda ( Washington 
Post, May , ). 

Jeb Bush Declares Martial Law on September ,  

On the homefront, President Bush’s brother, Florida Governor Jeb Bush signed an 
unprecedented emergency State Executive Order (-) laying out new guidelines for 
setting up military rule (martial law) in Florida. Governor Jeb Bush signed his Executive 
Order on September ,  despite the fa that there were no major natural or man- 
made disasters at the time of its drafting. 

“I hereby declare that a state of emergency exists in the state of 
Florida... The Authority to suspend the effe of any statute or rule 
governing the condu of state business, and further authority to suspend 
the effe of any order or rule of any government entity.. .The authority to 


 



seize and utilize any and all real or personal property as needed to meet 
this emergency... The authority to order the evacuation of any or all 
persons from any location in the State... The authority to regulate the return 
of the evacuees to their home comunities...I hereby order the Adjutant 
General to aivate the Florida National Guard for the duration of this 
emergency.” ^Florida Governor Jeb Bush, September , , 
(Associated Press, September , , State of Florida Website Listing 
State Executive Orders) 


Insider Trading 

Also in early September, between September  th and  th ’ , record put options (a 
highly risky form of speculation where you bet against a stock that it will go down)were 
purchased against United Airlines’ stock, compared to only  call options (speculation 
that a stock will go up in value). This was a highly abnormal level of put options that 
were purchased, and not against airline stocks in general, but against United Airlines. 

Many of United Airline’s put options were bought through Deutche Bank/AB Brown, a 
firm managed until  by the current Executive Direor of the CIA, A. B. “Buzzy” 
Kronguard (Sources: London Independent, New York Times, Wall Street Journal). 

On September ,  a record , put options were aced against American 
Airlines compared to just  call options (source: London Independent, Oober , 
, “Mystery of Terror “Insider Dealers”). Continuing the pattern, the put options 
were purchased only against American Airlines and United Airlines, not against airline 
stocks in general. The put options purchased on both airlines were % over normal. 
All of this aivity took ace at a time when airline stocks were doing well compared to 
other seors ( Reuters Business, September , , “Airline Stocks May be Poised to 
Take off’). 


 



It is a known fa that elligence agencies world-wide monitor stock trading with 
particular attention being paid to speculators, but, because insiders were running the put 
option scam, the public wasn’t warned. 

In late May of  the Feds arrested some low-level FBI agents who were allegedly 
feeding off the CIA’s table. Jeffrey Royer and Lynn Wingate were arraigned on charges 
they were involved in a stock trading racketeering conspiracy. The FBI agents were 
arrested along with an Arab man named Omar Elgindy. They were charged with passing 
confidential elligence information concerning the attacks of September  on to 
Elgindy, who allegedly set the puts for them. (News day, May , ) 

Empty Offices and Schools 

There were stories in the New York Post, Newsday, and MSNBC after September   
confirming that businesses and schools in a wide swath around the World Trade Center 
comex in lowere Manhattan were, in many cases, half-empty on the day of the attacks. 
School children had been their teachers that the World Trade Center buildings were going 
to be knocked over in the next week. 

Emoyees of one of the world’s largest instant messaging corrations, Odigo, did not 
show up to their offices in the World Trade Center on September . Emoyees told the 
press that they had received warnings from their head office in Tel Aviv not to go o 
work that day because there would be a massive attack on the toweres. The Tel Aviv 
offices of Odigo are next door to the Institute for Counter Terrorism (Ha 'aretz, Sept , 
; MSNBC, September , ). 

Ashcroft Forewarned 

Certain VIPs and public officials were warned not to travel: Mayor Willie Brown, 
Solomon Rushdie. . . and John Ashcroft. CBCNEWS, on July , , in an article 


 



titled, “Ashcroft Flying High” rerted: 


“In resnse to inquiries from CBS News over why Ashcroft was traveling exclusively 
by leased jet aircraft instead of commercial airlines, the Justice Department cited what it 
called a "threat assessment" by the FBI, and said Ashcroft has been advised to travel only 
by private jet for the remainder of his term.” 

Agents Sue Bush’s Justice Department 

You’ve already read about one of the most overlooked smoking gun government prior 
knowledge/involvement stories: the story of the leaked top-secret document, W -eye. 
Bush signed this document blocking U.S. elligence and the FBI from stopping Al- 
Qaeda two months before the attacks of - . Agents like Robert Wright with the help of 
Judicial Watch are suing his Justice Department over it. 

You must realize that the Democrats are involved in the cover-up as well. The New 
World Order controls things at the top, and if we don’t hold government resnsible they 
are going to use this terror to get more control over our lives. 

Now President Bush is seeking to restri Capitol Hill probes. He had Dick Cheney call 
six separate congressional committees and threaten them, telling them not to investigate 
September   ( Washington Post, January , , “Bush Seeks to Restri Hill Probes 
of Sept.  ”). Shocking many Americans, President Bush has also aivated the secret 
government, going so far as to call it the “shadow government.” For the first time in 
history, FEMA command hunkers are brimming with National Security Agency 
personnel. On top of that, Congress wasn’t even advised of Bush’s shadow government 
ans. Neither the Senate leader nor the Speaker of the House was even told about the 
shadow government, despite the fa that Constitutionally they are in the dire line of 
ascension in the chain of were for the Presidency ( Washington Post, March , , 
“Shadow Government Is at Work in Secret”). Why isn’t the President including eleed 
officials in the “continuity of government” program? 


 



Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney 


Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney is a comex person. While she has a history in 
Congress as a tax and spend liberal, she has also given a speech on the floor of the House 
detailing how, as Head of UN Peacekeeping, UN Secretary General Kofi Annan 
personally oversaw the mass murder of , Rwandans. 

In April of , McKinney granted an erview with a radio station in Berkeley, 
California. During the erview she ed out that the Bush family had a long 
relationship with the bin Ladens and with Osama bin Laden specifically. She said that 
Bush stood to gain litically on the domestic front from the attacks and in Central Asia 
with the Unicoi oil pipeline. She called for an investigation of the fas. 

What most Americans don’t realize is that the social archites that steer the mass media 
struure were very concerned as more and more prominent Americans like David 
Schippers and FBI Agent Robert Wright began to go public with documented evidence of 
government prior knowledge and involvement. The media chose to focus in on 
Congresswoman McKinney’s obscure radio erview as a way to litically larize the 
debate, while subtly aying the race card. 

Now anytime someone heard someone talking about government prior knowledge and 
involvement, the thought would automatically p o their mind that the comments 
were coming from the extreme left-wing of the Democratic party and that it was just 
partisan mudslinging. The whole thing was a set up from the beginning. The 
establishment chose to publicly “whip” the Congresswoman in the kangaroo court of big 
media controlled public opinion. 

Senator Zell Miller from her own party issued a statement castigating McKinney and 
saying that her comments were dangerous and irresnsible. McKinney’s resnse to the 
demonization was, “We hold thorough public inquiries o rail disasters, ane crashes 


 



and even natural disasters," she wrote. "Why then does the administration remain 
steadfast in its opsition to an investigation o the biggest terrorism attack in history?" 

After a week of wall to wall smear attacks in the press, where she was billed as a kind of 
Anti-Christ, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution held a ll asking if the people thought 
there should be a Congressional investigation of government prior knowledge. A slim 
majority of % out of over , resndents said yes. The Atlanta Journal- 
Constitution pulled the ll after sting it for only eight hours although they had 
originally anned to leave it up for three days. The ll was even promoted by talking 
head pundits on the national cable shows who would say things like, “Go to the Atlanta 
Journal-Constitution website and vote to tell America what you think of this traitor.” But 
in the end the ll backfired on them. The puppet masters thought that the ll would 
show -% of the American people declaring that they didn’t want an investigation. 
Instead, over half agreed with the Congresswoman. It is eresting to note that they 
pulled the ll after it climbed past the % mark. 

The Motive 

In order to be able to profile the elite and to understand what their ans are for the future, 
it is egral to refocus on their motive in carrying out their September   th operation. 

The illuminati and its allied organizations, which represent the dominant were cartels of 
the world, are threatened by sovereign nations. They view sovereign nations as 
pulations of human beings that are not under their control. The term that the New 
World Order mouthpiece media uses for sovereign nations is “rogue states.” 

By carrying out September   th , the globalists created a tailor-made excuse to invade and 
subjugate sovereign nations simy by labeling them as “those that harbor terrorists.” 
They created a situation to get the people living in the heart of the empire to suprt 
endless wars of aggression. 


 



Far too many people analyzing the aivities of the ruling oligarchy think that the 
September   event was only about oil and pipelines. Others focus in on bloated record 
defense budgets. Still others only see it as a pretext for Big Brother to gain total control 
domestically with a high-tech Police State. In reality, all of these s are valid. 
Globalist anners have laid out long-term strategic goals and only make slight 
adjustments in their overall program when absolutely necessary. 

When the New World Order moves in a big way, the event must always serve at least 
% of their main objeives. Out of the legion of reasons that the New World Order 
launched that attack the two biggest are: ushering in an Orwellian lice state that would 
make the “Ministry of Love” feel second string, and the fuelling a worldwide neo- 
imperial hyper-tyranny where the individual is cometely dehumanized. 


Putin Uses Terror 

Back in  Vladymir Putin was a rising young star in Russia who had just stepped 
down from his sition of KGB (now known as the Federal Security Bureau (FSB) 
Seion Chief of Sa Petersburg. Putin was Boris Yeltsin’s top deputy, and he had a 
problem on his hands. How was he going to get o office when the lls showed the 
people didn’t want him? Sime. Putin used the Hegelian dialeic. His secret lice 
were caught blowing up three separate apartment buildings. Moscow lice arrested his 
agents in an apartment building acing hexagen, a highly exosive astique. Now, in 
, members of the FSB have gone public with the information, as well as exosives 
experts and Vladimir Putin’s former associate, Boris Berezovsky (The Guardian, March 
, , “Former ally li nks Putin to Moscow blasts”; Moscow Times, March , , 
“Berezovsky Says Putin Knew About FSB Role”). After Berezovsky rerted that the 
government was behind the bombing, Putin ordered his media empire seized. 

Back in , desperate to apprehend whoever was resnsible for the deadly bombings 
of three apartment buildings in which  people had died, Moscow lice caught three 
members of the FSB in the a of anting bombs in a fourth apartment building. The 


 



agents had caed out the attacks to create fear throughout the pulation. Now other top 
government officials have gone public, saying that they knew the government was 
anually preparing to bomb buildings in  as a pretext for control. 

The videotapes that prove Putin’s dastardly use of the Hegelian dialeic are being sought 
out for seizure by the Russian government ( Moscow Times, March   , , 

“Berezovsky Film Seized at Customs”). Boris Berezovsky has created a documentary 
about these events and has screened this film in Paris, London and Warsaw. The film 
contains testimony from members of the FSB, Moscow Police and Russian journalists 
who witnessed the hexagen astic exosives that had been anted in the fourth Moscow 
apartment building. 

[Note to publisher: insert piure:  Osergeantcomic] 

The Bill of Rights - a Terrorist Manual? 

In a litical cartoon caed in the, Austin American Statesman, we find the following 
words: “So, carrying one of those terrorists manuals, are we?” Piured is Ashcroft 
standing over Uncle Sam, reading a book that says “The Bill of Rights.” Sound’s like a 
joke, doesn’t it? You are about to see the evidence that the government views the Bill of 
Rights and Constitution in just this way. They are teaching lice that if you read the Bill 
of Rights, you are with the terrorists. 

What has America come to? We are becoming more and more Sovietized every single 
day, and our new gracious homeland leader is George W. Bush. It’s a sick joke. Who 
really stands to gain from this terrorism? The evidence is clear. The forces of the New 
World Order. Now let’s talk about terrorism. 

“Let’s talk now about terrorism, and about those who see violence against 
innocent civilians as a legitimate means, in their view, to achieve then- 
ends. ” 


 


-Dan Rather, CBS news anchor 


“This new law that I signed today will allow surveillance of all 
communications used by terrorists, including e-mail, the ernet, and cell 
phones.” 

 George W. Bush, President of the United States 

“The answere is yes. It is a war we have to win if we are going to prote 
the people of this country. I think the real issue is, what do we sacrifice, 
what do we give up in the process? So there is going to be a continuing 
trade-off between security and liberty and freedom going forward o the 
twenty- first century.” 

 Gary Hart, co-chair of the U.S. Commission on 
National Security in the st Century 

“Security is having this discussion right now with the litical leaders. We 
are probably going to be asked to do some things that many people may 
not like because it is going to call o question some of the freedoms that 
we have had.” 

 Dan Quayle, former Vice-President of the United States 

The Politics of Terror in the Twentieth and Twenty-First Centuries 

Examine most major terrorist events and you will find governments financing terrorist 
organizations to get a desired litical outcome, and to condition their pulation to 
accept higher levels of control. You seen destic control-freaks like Hitler, Stalin, and 
Mao. You’ve seen them use these techniques throughout the twentieth century. Now in 
the twenty- first they are telling us it is going to be the century of terror and the century of 
a New World Order. 

Look at the U.S. government. They tell us to give up our rights, while they stubbornly 
demand that our borders stay wide open, allowing tens of millions of people to ur 


 



across our borders, come in through our rts, and to fly in on airanes. The globalists 
have the nerve to tell American citizens that we must accept a national ID card in the 
name of safety. What twisted logic: The government tells us to leave the borders open 
even after September , but subjes the American people to unprecedented lice state 
measures. That doesn’t make any sense, unless you are the ruling oligarchy that is hoping 
for more terrorist attacks to generate more fear, as well as to balkanize the United States 
along ethnic lines. 


Police State USA 

[Note to publisher: insert piures: - FBI-TerroristFlyer-front and -FBI- 
MCSOT erroristFlyer-Back] 

The government has declared patriotic Americans to be the terrorists. Examine this FBI 
flier  they have gone out nationwide  where the FBI anually states that Christians, 
conservatives, and gun owners are part of terrorist organizations. Defenders of the U.S. 
Constitution are listed as terrorists. If lice encounter them, they are instrued to call 
the FBI Anti-Terrorism Hotline immediately . . . and this includes both defenders of the 
U.S. Constitution, and people who make numerous references to the U.S. Constitution. 

We were all raised to be defenders of the U.S. Constitution and the Bill of Rights. 
Eleed leaders, lice and firemen have all sworn an oath to prote and defend the 
Constitution of the United States. In the new “Amerika,” the Homeland Security Bureau 
is taking over our local lice and demonizing those who believe in the princies this 
Republic was founded on. Face the fas, America. The government sees you as 
terrorists because you stand in the way of worldwide serfdom here on the global 
antation. 

Marya Jones, a rerter for WDBF-TV in Virginia rerted the following concerning the 
abuse of lice were in the United States: 


 


“Abby Newman claims the check was unconstitutional. State Police 
say the stop was legal and Newman took it too far when she assaulted 
them. You can take a look from the video from the trooper’s car, taken 
here from the website infowars.com and judge for yourself.” 


The rerter then showed a tiny computer screen superimsed on the television screen 
so no one could tell what was anually happening. Here’s a transcript of what really 
happened when a conservative-looking woman tried to invoke her rights at a warrantless 
check. 


Trooper: 

Newman: 

Trooper: 

Newman: 


Trooper: 

Newman: 

Trooper: 

Newman: 

Trooper: 

Newman: 

Trooper: 

Newman: 

Trooper: 

Newman: 

Trooper: 


I need to know who you are. 

No, you don’t. 

Yes, ma’am, I do. 

I’m not speeding. I’m not oxicated. I have given you no 
reason to stop me. And this itates me. And I would be 
very happy to go o town and talk to the supervisor. [The 
trooper then opens her door.] This is my vehicle. Sir, you 
cannot . . . 

Step out of the vehicle. 

No, sir. You cannot reach o this vehicle. 

Sure I can. 

You cannot reach o this . . . 

I need to know who you are. 

You do not. 

I must know who you are before you can go down the road. 
I have not broken any laws. 

I have not accused you of breaking any laws, ma’am. 

You have just reached o this vehicle and opened my door 
and . . . 

I have no idea who you are. 


 



Note: The officer admits she has done nothing wrong, but she still must present her 
papers. This is all part of being guilty until proven innocent. 


Trooper: 

Newman: 

Trooper: 

Newman: 

Trooper: 

Newman: 

Trooper: 

Newman: 


Trooper: 

Newman: 

Trooper: 

Newman: 


I need to know who you are. Do you have a driver’s 
license? 

You just proved to me you don’t have probable cause 
because you don’t . . . 

Shut your ignition off for me. 

Pardon? 

Turn your car off for me. 

Why do I have to turn my car off? 

Because I’m asking you to turn your car off. 

You are violating my United States Constitutional rights. 
Any laws that go contrary to the United States Constitution 
are null and void (Marbury v. Madison), and I do not have 
to submit to them. I am not oxicated. You have already 
stated you don’t know who I am. So therefore . . . 

That’s the whole . I don’t know who you are. I have 
told you who I am, okay. This is an approved checking 
detail site. Are you going to tell me who you are? 

No, sir. 

You’re not going to tell me who you are? 

You have not charged me with anything. You have not told 
me I have done anything wrong, and I don’t owe you that, 
sir. Because I don’t serve you, you serve me. Because when 
you take one, you take another, you take another, and 
before you know it, we can’t go anywhere without our 
papers. And that’s what this is. May I see your papers, 
ease? You can’t travel down this road, ma’am, unless you 
show me your papers, ease. . . . You’ve already told me 
that the stickers are in order. I wasn’t traveling at undue 


 



Trooper: 

Newman: 

Trooper: 

Newman: 

Trooper: 

Newman: 


Trooper: 
Newman: 
Trooper : 
Newman: 

Trooper: 

Newman: 


speed. I have done nothing wrong, and this is absolutely 
wrong. [The trooper then reaches o the vehicle]. Don’t 
reach inside my vehicle. 

I’m going to ace you under arrest for obstruion of 
justice. 

What am I obstruing? Sir!?! 

Step out of the car for me. [The officer then begins to pull 
Mrs. Newman from her vehicle]. Step out of the car for me. 
You are physically forcing me out of . . . 

[Pulling Mrs. Newman from vehicle] Step out of the car. 
No, sir . . . don’t you touch any of my personal belongings 
in this car. You’re right, I recorded this conversation. Yes, I 
did. 

[Handcuffing Mrs. Newman] Resisting arrest. 

It is not assault. 

I’ll get the car 

Don’t you take one single item out of my car, sir. I’m not 
fighting you. 

You’re under arrest for resisting arrest, obstruion of 
justice, and assault on a lice officer. 

I did not assault you. 


Note: Think about our priorities in America. At a warrantless, Fourth 
Amendment-violating check, they pull over a housewife with no criminal 
record. When she simy doesn ’t want to get out of her car, they grab her and 
charge her with assaulting them. 


Trooper: You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can 

and will be used against you in court. You have the right to 
speak to an attorney and have him present while you are 
being questioned. If you cannot afford to hire an attorney, 


 



one will be aped to represent you without any cost to 
you if you desire one. Do you understand these rights as 
they have been read to you? [She doesn’t answere.] Do you 
understand your rights as they have been read to you? [She 
still does not answere, and is then led to the lice car and 
taken o custody.] 

Note: They are not concerned with our borders being wide open or the tens of millions of 
containers coming in each year that aren ’t even searched. Instead, they are woed 
about a woman on the side of the road and what she ’s reading, thinking, and doing. This 
is the first-generation thought lice right here in the United States. This type of aivity 
is un-American. These officers should be ashamed of themselves. 

Here ’s where things really get eresting as they begin to dig through her car and find 
what they consider subversive material: 


Trooper : 

[Searching car] Strategies of Submarine Warfare. Hidden 
Agenda. 

Trooper : 

Man, she’s o this weird crap. 

Trooper : 

Powere Plays. Ruthless.com. The Bear and the Dragon. 
Patriot Games. 

Trooper : 

I might as well get a record started. 

Trooper : 

Do you want to ask her, or do you just want to get the next 
one? 

Trooper : 

Just get the next one. She’s invoked her right to remain 


silent, even though she don’t believe in our laws. 

“Even though she don’t believe in our laws.” No, trooper, it’s you who doesn’t know our 
laws. You’re the one who is overthrowing our Constitution and our Bill of Rights. Our 
country was founded on people not being stopped like criminals and being searched. The 
Fourth Amendment States: “The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, 


 



papers, and effes, shall not be violated, an no warrants shall issue, but un probable 
cause, suprted by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the ace to be 
searched, and the persons or things to be seized.” 


Trooper : You won’t believe all this paraphernalia in here. I mean, 

look at this clipboard right here. Comment Un Voluntary 
Nature of Social Security. It’s a whole riot a about why 
you don’t have to have a Social Security card. 

Trooper : She’s just anti-government, isn’t she? 

Trooper : She apparently belongs to some kind of Klan, or 

something. Dixieland Law. General Constitution Society. I 
mean, . . . 


Anti-government? A member of the Klan? For knowing her Constitutional rights? For 
being a member of the Constitutional Society? The attitudes and statements of these 
lice officers show that the FBI training of our lice has really paid off. 

Note: As you read this conversation between troopers discussing anti-government 
paraphanelia in Abby newman ’s car, be aware they are refeng to its contents, which 
include several cket Constitutions, one of my Police State  videos, the Hason 
Ford movie, Patriot Games, and more. 


Trooper : 
Trooper : 
Trooper : 
Trooper : 
Trooper : 

Trooper : 
Trooper : 


I mean . . . this is . . . 

She’s definitely studied on it, hasn’t she? 

I’m telling you. What is the truth? 

I’m wondering if we can keep that for any reason. 

Is it evidence of a crime? You know, is it evidence of a 
crime? If it relates back to obstruion of justice, I would 
say yes. 

I would think obstruion of justice is . . . 

That would be the appropriate charge, and that relates to it. 


 



Trooper : That’s why she did it. I mean, she may be the one that 

would want to bring that to court. I don’t know . . . 

Trooper : I don’t know either. It would probably be fine reading, but 

I’m not sure if I can seize it or not. I don’t know that this is 
illegal. 

Trooper : Exaly. 

Trooper : I think she can read it all she wants to. 

Trooper : Now, if they’ve anually outlawed that, that is . . . and I 

think they have. 

Abby Newman was vindicated by a jury of her peers and found not guilty of assault on a 
“royal” lice officer and of resisting arrest. They still tried to get her for simy 
invoking her Constitutional rights. Digging through her goods they are heard to say, “Oh, 
look, anti-govenrment paraphanelia. What are we going to do?” 

In another case we have video shot by a news helicopter of one of my listeners at a 
check. The lice pulled Ferrell Montgomery over, and the SWAT team attacked 
him. Despite the fa that he was unarmed and that they had rendered him unconscious 
with three taser guns, the lice released a dog on him, and allowed it to savagely tear at 
his body for over three minutes. They then tried to frame him by holding up two jumper 
cables and saying that they were “pipe bombs.” Of course, a month later they admitted 
all the charges were false. Still, that didn’t stop them from having a little fun, a little 
manhunt. 

America, it is time to wake up to what is happening. We are being treated like animals. 
Ferrell Montgomery was just pulled over, attacked for no reason, shot with three taser 
guns, then mauled by a lice dog for simy ing out his Fourth Amendment right to 
not be searched without a warrant. 

The Register-Herald, a mainstream newspaper in West Virginia on September , , 
ran a story with the headline, “Christians a ‘hate group.’” They found out the FBI and law 


 



enforcement schools across the state  and across the country  are teaching lice that 
Christians, all Christians, period, are hate criminals, and are all part of a terrorist group if 
they believe in a second coming of Christ. Note that all this propaganda originates from 
the Justice “Proje Megiddo” rert, where they list as terrorists: 

 home schoolers 

 gun owners 

 anyone who cares about freedom 

 anyone who believes in Jesus Christ 

 anyone who believes in the Second Coming 

 anyone who discusses a New World Order conspiracy theory 

 anyone who talks about a New World Order takeover. 

The evidence is clear: If you resist a New World Order takeover, you are will be 
classified as a “hate criminal.” They say that you’re a terrorist if you talk about a New 
World Order. Well, there definitely are some government terrorists that talk about a New 
World order, like former President George Bush, for exame. 

“It is a big idea, a new world order. Out of these troubled times, our fifth 
objeive: a new world order can emerge. . . . Now we can see a new 
world coming o view, a world in which there is the very real prospe of 
a new world order.” 

 President George Bush, September ,  

“The president, George Bush, has talked time and time again about a new 
world order, and this is the best chance to begin to establish the new world 
order.” 

 Dan Quayle, on CNN 


 



One of my listeners in Missouri, a patriotic firefighter, sent us footage of a FEMA 
commando demonizing the Founding Fathers and Christians to a group of lice and 
firefighters in a classroom setting. Here’s the transcript: 

“Think about the Christians, okay. Do you accept Jesus Christ as your 
Ford and Savior? No. What did they do? They took your head off. They 
beheaded you if you didn’t accept Jesus Christ as your Ford and Savior. 

See, this is reality. Yeah, they’re terrorists. But the bottom line is, to them 
they are not. Now why is that imrtant to understand? Because they are 
as committed to their cause and to their way of life as you are to yours. 

And they see you as being wrong. That is very difficult. When people are 
passionate about what they believe in, they become a very difficult enemy 
to beat. Who was the first terrorist organization in the United States? The 
Founding Fathers. Thomas Jefferson. George Washington. Paul Revere. 

These guys right here, did they try to scare people? They tried to 
imidate the British. Did they use as of violence? Your Founding 
Fathers, my Founding Fathers, were involved in as of terrorism against 
British officials, because they systematically had British officials 
assassinated. Assassinated. . . . George Washington  Mr. Honest who cut 
down a cherry tree and admitted it  is the same guy who signed death 
orders, if you will, on members of the British government, the British 
crown, who they wanted to eliminate because litically they influence in 
certain ckets of the United States  at that time the thirteen colonies  
and they wanted to divide and conquer. . . . 

“They may kill a whole lot of civilians. And I’m going to be honest 
with you. If they kill ten thousand civilians tomorrow with a biological 
agent, that’s too bad for them.” 

Talk about demonization. If anyone is going kill to civilians, it’s the Feds. They’re the 
ones who have a track record of slaughtering innocent Americans. All the evidence 


 



shows that the globalists are the killers and that they are resnsible for the deaths of 
three thousand at the World Trade Center and Pentagon. 


The USA Patriot A - No Sunset Clause 

Bush signed the U.S.A. Patriot A, which eviscerated the U.S. Constitution and Bill of 
Rights. Seion  delays warrants. It means they can sneak in your house for any 
reason, take whatever they want, and never even tell you they were there. You’re 
thinking, “Oh, that’s okay. There’s a sunset clause.” The media said that HR  ends in 
. Well, if you look at that subseion, all of the key areas that violate your 
Constitutional rights contain no sunset provisions, meaning that these laws never expire 
(U.S.A Patriot A, Sunset Provision, Seion ). 

Out of one thousand sixteen seions, Seion  has to be the most frightening. You 
see, this defines a domestic terrorist as anyone who is involved in “as dangerous to 
human life that are a violation of the criminal laws of the United States or of any State.” 
Under their definition, even those committing misdemeanor crimes, like two high school 
football ayers getting in a fistfight at a party are engaging in terrorist aivities. This is 
an absolute outrage. In truth, the people who passed this legislation are the real terrorists. 
They are the real criminals and have engaged in sedition against our Constitutional 
Republic. 

Congressman Ron Paul said that none of the Congress was allowed to even read the bill, 
and that they were threatened by the White House with charges of anti-patriotism if they 
didn’t sign it. He said the Founding Fathers revolted over much lighter forms of tyranny. 

“Unfortunately, we may not always be able to tell you why that agent or 
agents are knocking on your door. ... Is there a chance that some of your 
civil liberties may slip while we guarantee the security of this country? 

Maybe. Maybe.” 

 Stephen Steinhauser, FBI agent on PBS’ Lehrer Newshour 


 



Conditioning and Preparation for Total Takeover 


Slimeball FBI agents like Stephen Steinhauser gave speeches all over the country in huge 
meeting halls, telling people they have to give up their liberty for security. Now we are 
seeing urban warfare teams p up in major cities and small towns alike. They would like 
you to believe that this is some new phenomenon that has emerged since September . 
I’m about to present the evidence that this has been going on over the past decade here in 
the United States, and to show you how they have been training the cadres of officers to 
go out and train the mass of troops for a total militarized takeover of the United States of 
America in the name of proteing the pulation from enemy terrorists. 

In truth, the military has been training to attack the American pulation for some time, 
through “Urban Warfare Training Exercises.” Back in , Texas got hit by six black 
helicopter raids. During the first military occupation drill, the Kingsville lice station 
was set ablaze by US Army commandos. Military checks were instituted across the 
state, and mayors were forced to throw the invading armies out of their cities in resnse 
to public outrage. 

Police chiefs went public about these bizarre military takeovers of American cities. These 
exercises were caed out not only by Army Special Operations from Fort Brag, but 
included foreign troops. Czechoslovakian troops, on American soil, were terrorizing the 
public, running around firing automatic weans. The operations were to condition the 
public, and to acclimatize them to accept the military  with foreign troops  working 
with our local lice ( Corpus Christie Caller Times, February , , “Operation Last 
Dance: Army exercises in South Texas”; WorldNetDaily, February ,  “Army 
admits live ammo used”; WorldNetDaily, February , , “Fear and Loathing in 
Kingsville, Texas”-, Austin- American Statesman, April , , “Invasion, South Texas: 
Army exercises make black helicopters the talk of town”). 


 



In my video, Police State  ,  shot footage of Delta Force troops  U.S. Special 
Forces with Czechoslovakian commandos  running around in downtown Kingsville, 
Texas, setting fire to local struures. Years before, Army Special Operations were 
released on the civilian pulation. The controlled media put out hundreds of rerts 
stating that the hallmark of a delusional “kook” was their obsession with “imaginary” 
black helicopters. Then, in the mid ’s, when the militarization exercises began in 
American towns and cities, the public had been pre-conditioned not to speak out against 
the takeover, because only “delusional freaks” talked about such things. 

“Looking out your window and seeing unmarked helicopters with troops, 
and ninjas in black suits with assault rifles. Its kind of soky.” 

 Tomas Sanchez, Kingsville Emergency Manager 

Urban Warfare Training praices exist to train the public, the lice, and the military to 
believe that all of these militarized lice aions against the pulation are acceptable. 
Read this quote from the mayor of Port Aransas, Texas. He was quite upset. 

“Nobody wants to get in their business, but we ought to be able to answere 
questions. Especially when they are flying at dangerously low levels and 
alarming the citizenry.” 

The chief of lice of San Antonio refused for two years to let Delta Force take over the 
city. When he refused, the just did it anyway. They don’t care about local authorities. 

Transcript with A Philipius, lice chief of San Antonio from my video, Police State 
 : 


Police Chief: They approached me to get me to change my mind. 

Well, then, when we said no, then some eleed 
officials were contaed to bring pressure to bear. And 
then offers were made to give money, cash money, to 


 



Alex Jones: 
Police Chief: 


Alex Jones: 
Police Chief: 


Alex Jones: 
Police Chief: 


eleed officials’ charities if they could get us to change 
our minds. As one of my deputy chiefs said, in some 
circles that’s called bribery. They wanted to carry out 
operations. I’m still getting contaed by various 
officials. I mean, they never would take no for an 
answere. 

So they were not respeing your jurisdiion? 

They were not respeing our jurisdiion. I don’t think 
they respeed our decision not to go o 
predominately minority areas of the city where we had 
vacant warehouses and buildings and try to do those 
types of exercises at those locations in the middle of the 
night. 

What type of exercises? Oh, I’m sorry. In the middle of 
the night? 

In the middle of the night. Sometime between nine p.m. 
and midnight. I mean, people become frightened. We 
drew a lot of our decision-making on experiences that 
had happened in a lot of other cities. We were very 
concerned some things that had happened over there. 
We didn’t get any real good, clear answeres. 

So they were being secretive about it? 

Very secretive. 


Carlos Lerma, the City Manager of Kingsville, Texas who was erviewed on February 
,  stated the following: 


Alex Jones: We’re just curious about Army Special Operations from 

Fort Bragg coming here  Delta Force. And we’d like 
just basically to ask some questions about, was the 
public informed beforehand? Are you aware of the 


 



Tenth Amendment and Posse Comitatus, and things like 
that? 

Official: I’m probably not aware of the Tenth Amendment, but I 

made the decision not to inform the public. 

He made the decision not to warn the public, the emergency managers, or the lice 
when eight black helicopters slammed o the town. Here is the chief of lice in Alice, 
Texas, Jack Compton, admitting foreign troops. 


Interviewere: The government is training other so-called friendly 

countries? 

Jack Compton: They are training friendly countries, and I’m not at 
liberty to give you their names. But I know that they 


Interviewere: They were there in Alice a coue of weeks ago? 

Jack Compton: Yeah. 


What a startling revelation for a small-town lice chief: the foreign troops were there. 
He went on to tell our cameras that locals were told that they would be arrested if they 
left their homes during the five hour operation. He said that the pulation, if allowed to 
watch the training, might learn their taics. In other words, it’s okay to let the 
Czechoslovakian troops know Army Special Operations’ taics, but not the American 
people. It is clear, in their eyes we are the enemy. We pay the bills, we built this 
country, but now we are captive slaves of this government. If they get our guns, it’s all 
over. 


In footage we have from Fort Hood, Texas, the BATF  the gun confiscators  train with 
the Green Berets for an assault on the Waco comund, the wooden church full of men, 
women, and children. Violating every canon of a free society, the military with the state 
lice and the BATF assaulted the Branch Davidians. And then, of course, on April  
they anually burned the struure down, full of men, women, and children. The training 


 



and the assaults on the pulation having been going on for over a decade here in the 
United States. The death toll is climbing. 

What’s happened to our Special Forces? What type of cowards have they been twisted 
o that they go out and attack American citizens, wooden churches full of men, women, 
and children, and then slough it off as, “Oh, well, they’re just a bunch of cult members”? 
Whatever happened to live and let live? And whatever happened to the federal law 
bang troops from assaulting civilians? Whatever happened to the  law, Posse 
Comitatus, which forbids Federal troops to engage in law enforcement aivities in s ide 
the United States (specifically checks and search-and-seizure)? 

From the film, Police State  

Alex Jones (rerting from a hilltop overlooking military operations in urban 
terrain): 

“I’m in northern California, in Oakland, where Marines have come in for 
Operation Urban Waor, which should be deemed Operation Desensitization of 
the Population. They have role ayers. They have fake camps set up. You name 
it. We’re going to take you in and show you what is happening.” 

Military loudspeaker (surrounded by role-ayers dressed as Americans 
begging not to be erned in a concentration camp): 

“Attention. Attention. Attention. American forces are here to help. Please 
remain calm. We will not tolerate civil disobedience.” 

Note: I’ve made two documentary films on the lice state and have been to many of 
these military training operations where they hire hundreds of role ayers to beg and 
scream, “We ’re Americans. Please don ’t put us in camps. Don ’t take our guns. ” 



The loudspeakers blare as women and children are led handcuffed to the 
errogation center of the camp: 

“Attention. Attention. Attention. Due to the large number of people 
aving, you will experience a short delay. Please remain calm and 
cooperate so that we can process you o the camp faster.” 

A young marine officer discusses urban pacification techniques: 

“That’s a hostile a. The technology they are working on makes you 
nauseous. In the past, in a situation like that she might have been shot. In 
the future, we want to give our Marines a non-lethal option where they can 
say, ‘No, she is not armed, maybe threatening, but I don’t want to kill her,’ 
or him, or them. Use your soundwave rifle, I guess you could call it, and 
down they go.” 

Suddenly the young marine officer stopped rambling about non-lethal weans. 

He direed the tour’s attention to see a man on his knees with a gun to the 
back of his head, and stated: 

“Now you’re going to see an execution.” 

“Now you’re going to see an execution”? This tefying un-American statement 
is documented on videotape in my film, Police State . If you find this hard to 
believe, examine this statement that was made by Army Private Matt 
Guckenheimer, who recently returned home from the undeclared war in 
Afghanistan. 



He told the his hometown paper, the Ithaca Journal on May , , in an 
article titled, “Memories of War”: 

“We were told there were no friendly forces. If there was anybody there, 
they were the enemy. We were told specifically that if there were women 
and children to kill them." 

At least, during Operation Urban Waor in  in Oakland, the people weren’t 
buying the Police State propaganda. Here’s an erview condued with a man on 
the street. 

Man on street: Well, I think terrorism is being praiced on the 

residents of the city of Oakland, because many of the 
retired teachers, retired military people, have informed 
me that they understand what is going on, and it is not 
anything that relates to humanitarian training 
whatsoever. This is psychological, as we in the research 
community say, this is a psy-ops. They are preparing 
people for what is coming, not for what is being 
presented today. 

Alex Jones: So you’re saying they are preparing people to accept it 

with incrementalism? 

Man on street: That’s is corre, like the old frog exame. You know, 

you put the frog in the water and you just gradually 
continue to raise the heat on the water until the frog is 
cooked. And that’s the way it works. 

Of course, that was California in . By , they were anually arresting people in 
Swansboro, North Carolina ( WorldNetDaily , April , , “Marines on Main Street: 
warfare training, car searches scare some residents, thrill others”). The Pentagon called 
these aivities “training,” ’’patrolling.” Their operations entailed taking over the City 


 



Council buildings, running checks, searching people’s cars, taking them to jail for 
minor infraions, and confiscating firearms. The attitude in the local newspaper was 
something like, “Oh, wow, the Marines are out on the roads just helping us, because the 
government said it wasn’t a question of if, but when the next terrorist attack was coming 
and we are going to have to give up our liberties for security.” Remember what the FBI 
agent said: “Are you going to have to give up your rights? Maybe... Maybe. . .” 

Preparing the cadres. Searching people’s cars. Taking people to jail. Is this Russia? Is this 
Mexico? No, this is the new America. 

We showed you what was happening in Oakland in , and Swansboro in . In 
 in Hebron, Maryland, the military was publicly training children to go and find out 
where the gun owners lived (The Daily Times, September , , “Hebron at ease under 
‘siege’”). We erviewed the commander of the Marines and he admitted they were 
doing house-to-house searches with volunteers for weans sweeps. When we talked to 
Marines on the ground, they admitted this was for a domestic takeover, to fight domestic 
insurgents. 

How do you feel about the military patrolling America? Taking over the City Council? 
Taking over the Town Hall? Working with the local lice? Wide-awake Americans 
realize that this is all part of a process to egrate the public o the new homeland 
security lice state. 

The Army teams descending on America’s cities have an obsession with the youth. They 
coordinated large gangs of young children to rove around day and night on their bicycles, 
rerting elligence about citizens in Hebron, Maryland to Marine Corps officers in 
ain clothes. There were also hundreds of aive duty military marching around in ain 
clothes direing the civilian lice. 


 



They want to terrorize you o believing that America needs a secret lice, otherwise 
al-Qaeda “will get us.” This system that is being created is diametrically opsed to 
everything our veterans have fought and died to preserve. 

Through think tanks and psychological warfare propgrams, social archites have created 
a program of incrementalism in the last decade that has brought us to this  in 
America. Since September   they have their pretext, their excuse, to roll the troops out 
en masse. They’ve announced this rollout in the Washington Post on November , . 
The headline rerted that the United States Army ans to deoy ,-us troops to 
patrol our highways. This will be the new American way of life under NORTHCOM. 

Imagine Marines in your backyard, in your front yard, or walking down your streets in 
the middle of the night. Well, you’re a patriot, aren’t you? I certainly am, but this is a 
deadly, dangerous precedent that is being set. They are brainwashing our military. 

In my film, Police State , we have footage of Marines backed up by local lice 
ordering a man with a camera to stop filming and to turn his camera off. There are two 
questions here: . What is it that they have to hide? . Why are Marines engaging in law 
enforcement aivities that violate the First Amendment? 

An article from Reuters, February , , was headlined “Marines to Praice Urban 
War in Real City.” This article details how Marines are occupying multie cities in the 
continental United States, and that they are engaging in strategic deception against the 
pulation. Jenny Holbert, the Marine Corps war fighting skesperson, told the public, 
“Oh, this is the first time we’ve done something like this. It’s very unusual. We’ve never 
been in an American city. We’ve never done urban warfare training in an American city 
before.” The above statement is an out and out lie counting on the ignorance of the 
rerter. As of the writing of this book, the Marine Corps website states that they’ve 
condued  such “training” missions. Our film crews have been to eight of them. 


 



The Army War College called for foreign troops to occupy the United States back in 
. Now George W. Bush has anually done it. A headline from the CBC on Oober 
,  read, “Military Favors a Homeland Command: U.S. bill calls for continental 
security perimeter.” They want hundreds of thousands of foreign U.N. troops on our 
streets. And the shadow government wants ,-us U.S. troops to “patrol the U.S.” 
(to patrol our highways, our neighborhoods, our communities in total violation of Posse 
Comitatus). The globalists are announcing publicly that they are anually scrapping the 
law that prohibits Federal troops from licing civilians (AP, November , , “ 
Military Law Gets New Attention”). Not that it even matters. They have already turned 
our local lice o para-military organizations. 

In February of , two Special Forces trainees were killed by a sheriffs deputy. You 
ask why? They were trying to disarm him ( Ashville Tribune, February , , “Soldier 
killing ‘tragic’ error”). They were trying to take over local law enforcement. This is the 
new type of training our military are being given  to overthrow the civilian government, 
the eleed government right here in the United States. Shockingly enough, there are 
anually two cases of this type of takeover that took ace in the same week in North 
Carolina, where the military were being trained to go up against the local lice to 
takeover town halls. 

Every day in America, militarized SWAT teams kill innocent people. Seldom are they 
held accountable. More often, they kill their own officers, and still they are not charged. 
What’s happening in America? How did they become so militarized? We erviewed a 
former Marine Corps officer who, in , while he was in the Marine Corps, was 
serving search warrants on American citizens’ homes and businesses. Here’s a transcript 
of that erview from my film : The Road to Tyranny. 

Alex Jones: Just start at the beginning for us  how you first got 

started in the military, and some of the things you did, 
and later in life, some of the questions that you started 


 



MC Officer: 


Alex Jones: 


MC Officer: 


Alex Jones: 


MC Officer: 


raising yourself after you had ended your tour with the 
Marine Corps and become a lice officer. 

I started out and I joined the Marines. I tested real high 
in the HAZYAB, which is the Armed Forces 
Vocational Aptitude Battery. Did real well in that, and 
was a MP  Military Police. From that I was sent 
over to various duty stations. I began to have an erest 
in civilian law enforcement, so I was able to take part in 
jo military lice and civilian lice exercises. 

We’ve seen military training all across the country  the 
black helicopters, the Special Forces, in cities. And it 
seems like it has been ratcheted up in the last five years 
from just basic training to aual live fire in city streets. 
What type of relationship did you have with law 
enforcement when you were in the Marine Corps? 

Very cohesive, a lot of eraion. In  and ,  
helped assist in three search warrants; a lot of entry 
team operations, giving civilian law enforcement advice 
and critiquing how they’re doing on raids, such as 
crack houses or supsed terrorist organizations, as far 
as multie entry s of a home whether it be through 
the roof, the windows, the front door, or a combination 
of all at the same time. 

So, you were aively, as a member of the United States 
Marine Corps aive duty, out with civilian law 
enforcement serving search warrants to homes? 

That’s corre. They weren’t missions; they were called 
exercises. But it was aual, with real what we call 
combatants. It was live. It was the real deal, helping 
execute search warrants. Late ’s. I’ve anually been 
on  with an MP (German fully-automatic rifle). 


 



Alex Jones: 
MC Officer: 
Alex Jones: 
MC Officer: 

Alex Jones: 


MC Officer: 
Alex Jones: 
MC Officer: 


Alex Jones: 


MC Officer: 


Alex Jones: 
MC Officer: 


And I was not in a lice uniform; I had a lice flak 
vest on and a lice jacket, and black BDUs. 

These were obviously drug dealers? 

One. Maybe. 

What were the other raids concerning? 

One was a pawn shop owner, and the other was 
working joly with the ATF. 

As a member of the Marine Corps, you are telling us 
you raided a civilian business with the BATF going 
after guns. 

It was the business owner’s home. 

Oh, the business owner’s home. 

The homes were civilian homes  some upper middle- 
class to white-collar homes. One was a warehouse 
facility. 

Later on in life, out of the Marine Corps, you got o 
law enforcement. Is that when you started asking 
questions once you learned more about the civilian 
roles? 

Toward my end in law enforcement, when I started 
getting discouraged with it, yes. That’s when I started 
questioning. But when you’re younger, you’re trying to 
achieve, and you’ve got all the fancy jewelry on and all 
the badges, and the cars with all the decals and lights, 
and you know. You get disillusioned by a lot of 
different things once reality hits, and just by the way 
law enforcement has changed . . . and it is changing a 
lot. 

How has it changed? 

How people perceive law enforcement as more of an 
occupying army than somebody that is there to be part 


 



of that community and help that community. Like I said 
before in a prior erview, before people knew the law 
enforcement officer that patrolled their neighborhood or 
could go down to the city lice department and ask for 
help. Where now, it’s more that you are making trouble 
for yourself by going to rert a crime, or just the 
perception that people have of law enforcement now. 

Don’t get me wrong, there’s some great cops out there, 
some of the best, and they’re still there doing the job 
well. But for the most part, it’s treated like an 
occupying army. You’re seeing a lot more of the 
training, putting distance between yourself and the 
people you’re trying to prote. 

- END TRANSCRIPT- 

Note: The Marine we erviewed came forward because of an outrageous Army 
check that he witnessed blocking northbound traffic of - just south of Austin, 
Texas. They were searching cars for drugs. 

These are the new rules of engagement. It’s an us-against-them mentality. Peace officers 
should be defenders of the people, the kind of local leaders you bring a hot cup of coffee, 
a slice of pie. In the old days they would help you get the cat out of the tree. That was 
before they became militarized and then merged with the military. That was before they 
started patrolling our streets and running our country. That was before the Second 
Amendment was under attack and almost destroyed. That was before the government 
started shipping in the heroin and the cocaine to create societal crises for their means. 

Now what do we have? Black helicopter raids in late  on St. Louis ( WorldNetDaily , 
December , , ‘“Helicopter Assault’ Startles East St. Louis”). We have the Army 
document they gave us back in  on the side of the highway at a military check, 


 



which says, “Give us a call, local lice departments. We’ll serve search warrants on 
your citizens’ homes.” [Insert Graphic:  l DOAdoc] 

Our cameraman confronted members of the Teme, Texas Police Department who were 
aiding regular Army units in the search of vehicles at a check blocking an access 
road off - north of Austin. When the lice were asked why they were searching 
civilians’ cars, Lieutenant Best of the Teme Police Department told our cameraman to 
turn his camera off. When he refused, a ainclothes BATF agent walked up and gave 
our man a five-page document which can be viewed at infowars.com. 

The document states that lice in  Texas counties should call Fort Hood if they need 
assistance in any matter. In May of , we were in the town of Belton, direly 
adjoining Teme, Texas, and ran o the same Army units conduing a mock terrorist 
attack. 

The following is an excerpt from an announcement given to the press by the Mayor of 
Belton, TX only  feet from burning cars, troops and helicopters. This announcement 
can be seen in my film, : The Road to Tyranny. 

“On Saturday, May , at approximately :, an exosive device went 
off in the Bell County Annex, in the  block of East Second Street in 
Belton. The Belton Police Department resnded to that, as well as the 
Belton Fire Department and the Belton EMS. The Belton Police 
Deparment is currently investigating the cause of the exosion. The 
exosion took ace on the east end of the building causing several 
casualties and injuries. The lice department has secured the scene and 
requested assistance from the Ft. Hood [Delta Team].” 

They made it sound real. The entire speacle of this Belton, Texas “exercise” was 
staged in the great tradition of Orson Well’s War of the Worlds broadcast. They told the 


 


public it was really happening, conditioning them to accept this merging of the military 
and the lice in the name of public safety. 


One officer, on camera, asked me, “Were you at this scene in Teme?” When told it was 
my cameraman who was there he said, “So, he put me on the Internet.” We told him, no 
we didn’t put him on the Internet, we put him on television, and asked if he had a 
problem with that. He said, “Yes, I do, because there were piures on the Internet, and 
someone put them on there without my permission.” We had to exain to him that he 
was a public servant, and that permission was not required. 

The scary part was that just for asking questions, the military and lice were angry at us. 
We were “bad” citizens for not mindlessly going along with their manufaured hysteria 
operation. 

In a live broadcast, Erin Fletcher for KVUE News rerted at another staged event in 
Austin, Texas in  from the scene of the Texas State Police headquarters: 

“Twenty DPS workers have gone on ambulances to area hospitals. Some 
of them have been treated and released now. The rest are in stable 
condition. EMS tells us another five drove themselves to area hospitals 
and that they checked out about one hundred sixty-one people here on the 
scene.” 

After witnessing multie psychological warfare operations concerning the fake attacks, I 
got in my car and drove to the scene of the State Police headquarters hoax. As Erin 
Fletcher was rerting live from on-scene on the local NBC affiliate, KVUE, I walked 
right up behind her with a bullhorn, live on television and began screaming, “stage- 
managed event - it’s absolutely fake, it’s absolutely fake! This is a psychological 
warfare operation against you!” Consequently, this was the last fake attack condued by 
the Federal government with the local lice department in Austin, Texas. 

Unfortunately, these psychological operations continue around the country. 


 



In  alone, in Austin, Texas, there were eight separate fake biological warfare attacks. 
They even had a fake nuclear spill, shut down - and called out the National Guard. A 
coue of weeks later, the Feds quietly announced, “Oh, it was just a drill,” but you 
should have seen the psychosomatic resnse of the people. Suddenly, the hospitals were 
jammed-packed. The pulation was buying their lies. 

We all though this couldn’t happen here, that only in Russia or Nazi Germany could 
governments get away with so many terrorist aions. We have all been incrementally 
trained to accept these Unconstitutional aions. Now we have to learn to say no and get 
in the face of this disgusting tyranny. We have dignity. We’re human beings. We cannot 
allow government to continue its gross violations of the Bill of Rights and the 
Constitution. 


Torture and the Government 

Did you ever think you would see our government talk about torture or lauding the 
virtues of torturing prisoners? Well, now it is anually being rerted in dozens of 
publications ( Washington Post, Oober , , “FBI considers torture as suspes stay 
silent”; London Guardian, March ,  “US Sends Suspes to Face Torture). Of 
course, if you’re not for torture, you’re with Al-Qaeda. 

Even phony liberals like Alan Dershowitz have been publicly promoting torture, telling 
us it is time for us to reassess our laws to accept it . . . for the terrorists, of course. 
Remember, the evidence shows that the Federal Government is training local lice that 
the most conservative and law-abiding people are terrorists. In a New York Times article 
discussing the use of torture on civilians they talk about using cattle prods and rubber 
hoses on the American people. And who is going to do the torturing? FEMA  the 
Ministry of Love. 


Concentration Camps 


 



For years, we warned people about FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency). 
The federal documents have been around for decades and include round-up ans and 
concentration camps. Peoe used to laugh at us when we said this in December of . 
Then came Seattle. FEMA housed and proteed government-aced “anarchist” 
provocateurs, but put five hundred peaceful demonstrators in a FEMA camp on the 
outskirts of town. FEMA used the old Sand Po naval brig to detain hundreds of 
American citizens. 

Of course you don’t have to travel to Seattle to find ernment facilities. We woke up 
one morning in Austin, Texas, and found a FEMA camp in our own backyard. The 
Federal Government paid Travis County to convert part of the old airrt o an 
emergency management center. The following is an excerpt from my film, Police State 
II: The Takeover. 

I asked a Security Guard at the front gate of the decommissioned Robert Meuller airrt 
about the FOX rert that they had taken a  hanger and converted it o a holding 
facility for the citizens of Austin in case of a civil emergency. He stated: 

“Travis County came out with inmates and they cleaned it all up, swept it, pulled weeds, 
and then they got inside and reinforced the doors and stuff with bars.” 

They announced it on the news; they threw it in our face. The U.S. Army and FEMA 
were operating out of an old  hangar. There are bolts and chains in the floor, rt-a- 
ties, thousands of cots and armored vehicles. The local FOX affiliate (KTND) was 
given a tour and the County and City admitted that it is an overflow facility in case of a 
civil disturbance. 


Emergency Health Poweres A 


 



Long before the September   attack, they were lovingly preparing to take good care of 
us. After the attack, the Washington Times, in an article entitled, “Wartime presidential 
weres supersede liberties” rerted George W. Bush enaed five hundred dormant legal 
clauses and provisions, allowing censorship, martial law, and forced round-ups. There is 
also the Emergency Health Poweres A which allows the government to force entire 
towns o srts stadiums or aircraft hangers and authorizes troops to “shoot a 
grandmother” if ordered to do so {Detroit Free Press Washington, November , , 
“Vast quarantine role advocated for states”). 

Concerning the passage of the Model States Emergency Health Poweres A(MSEHPA) 
by many of the states, Joseph Farah, Direor of the Western Journalism Center, wrote in 
a rert for WorldNetDaily (June , , “Fascism at the Door”) that MSEHPA is a 
“nightmarish, Orwellian federal-state were grab.” Rerting on the text of the 
legislation, Farah writes, “It authorizes the "control of property" - a nice term for 
confiscation of everything, including - but not limited to - your house, your car, your 
guns, your food, your clothing and your fuel. It authorizes the management of people - 
meaning forced vaccinations, incarceration and restriions on transrtation. It also 
authorizes the government to seize control of communications.” 

Most of the fifty states are passing the Model States Emergency Health Poweres A as 
we write this book. It is an Adolph Hitler wish list that is quickly manifesting itself at 
every level of government. 

The ans talk about how to deal with the millions of dead bodies; how they are going to 
round us up; how they are going to herd us o compa cities (November ,  
Detroit Free Press quotes the Federal head of MSEHPA detailing how they an to use 
srt stadiums as detention camps); and how to use slave labor at the different federal 
camps, which they have already been doing since  at twelve different Army bases - 
see the Army Civilian Inmate Labor Program. 

Army Civilian Inmate Labor Program 


 



The Civilian Inmate Labor Program was condued in secret at US military bases from 
 to . This nightmare program was recently declassified. If Civilian Inmate 
Labor Programs are so wonderful, why did the Army keep them secret for over seven 
years? There are thousands of pages of documents on the Army’s website detailing the 
massive scope of this program, much of which is still secret. Many of the documents are 
contradiory. For exame, on the same page it will say that the Army is not allowed to 
house and use State inmate labor, and, in the next paragraph will say that they have been 
housing and using State inmate labor. 

[Note to publisher: ease insert inmate.htm file as one page in book with black border 
and the captions “Public Document from the US Army’s Website] 

You see, there are a lot of things going on in the country that Sally Soccer Mom and Joe 
Six Pack have been kept in the dark about. Globalists have been busy building FEMA 
camps and getting you ready to submit to their tyranny in the name of safety. There are 
bills like H.R.  where they talk about different mind control systems they have 
developed using different ultra-low frequency mind control devices that can make you 
become sick, or even kill you. 


H.R.  

From H.R.  (A bill, that on the surface restris mind-control weans, but in reality 
anually authorizes their use): 

th CONGRESS 

st Session 

H. R.  

Mr. KUCINICH roduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on 
Science, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and International 
Relations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for 


 


consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiion of the committee 
concerned 


SECTION . SHORT TITLE. 


This A may be cited as the 'Space Preservation A of  T. 

SEC. . NON SPACE-BASED WEAPONS ACTIVITIES. 

Nothing in this A may be construed as prohibiting the use of funds for 

() space exoration; 

() space research and development; 

() testing, manufauring, or produion that is not related to space-based weans or 
systems; or 

() civil, commercial, or defense aivities (including communications, navigation, 
surveillance, reconnaissance, early warning, or remote sensing) that are not related to 
space-based weans or systems. 

SEC. . DEFINITIONS. 

In this A: 

() The term 'space' means all space extending upward from an altitude greater than  
kilometers above the surface of the earth and any celestial body in such space. 

() (A) The terms 'wean' and 'weans system’ mean a device capable of any of the 
following: 

(i) Damaging or destroying an obje (whether in outer space, in the atmosphere, or on 
earth) by- 

(I) firing one or more projeiles to collide with that obje; 

(II) detonating one or more exosive devices in close proximity to that obje; 

(III) direing a source of energy (including molecular or atomic energy, subatomic 
particle beams, eleromagnetic radiation, asma, or 

extremely low frequency (ELF) or ultra low frequency (ELF) energy radiation) against 
that obje; or 


 



(IV) any other unacknowledged or as yet undeveloped means. 

(ii) Infliing death or injury on, or damaging or destroying, a person (or the biological 
life, bodily health, mental health, or physical and economic well-being of a person) 

(I) through the use of any of the means described in clause (i) or subparagraph (B); 

(II) through the use of land-based, sea-based, or space-based systems using radiation, 
eleromagnetic, psychotronic, sonic, laser, or other energies direed at individual 
persons or targeted pulations for the purse of information war, mood management, 
or mind control of such persons or pulations; or 

(III) by expelling chemical or biological agents in the vicinity of a person. 

(B) Such term s include exotic weans systems such as 

(i) eleronic, psychotronic, or information weans; 

(ii) chemtrails; 

(iii) high altitude ultra low frequency weans systems; 

(iv) asma, eleromagnetic, sonic, or ultrasonic weans; 

(v) laser weans systems; 

(vi) strategic, theater, taical, or extraterrestrial weans; and 

(vii) chemical, biological, environmental, climate, or teonic weans. 

(C) The term 'exotic weans systems' includes weans designed to damage space or 
natural ecosystems (such as the ionosphere and upper atmosphere) or climate, weather, 
and teonic systems with the purse of inducing damage or destruion un a target 
pulation or region on earth or in space. 


H.R.  is an aual federal document, an aual bill, admitting that they are spraying 
chemical and biological weans on us through the use of something called chemical 
trails that they are adding to jet fuel, especially in military aircraft. 


Undeteable Police State Weanry 


 



And then, if you go to law enforcement catalogs like Shomer-Tec, one of the biggest law 
enforcement and military catalogs in the world, there are devices for sale like the Super- 
Sonic Nausea System. The lice brag that they have been using this contraption for 
years to manipulate and stop aivists from speaking at litical rallies by inducing 
nausea at a distance. The device can make a whole crowd get sick without their being 
able to hear it or to determine the source of the nausea-inducing wave. 

Low-frequency weans testing has been cited as a ssible source of the mysterious 
Kokomo, Indiana hum. ABC News rerted on the Kokomo Hum, where an entire town 
of people became ill from an ultra-low frequency attack on a mass scale (ABC News, 
February ,  “The Kokomo Hum: Rerts of Mysterious Noise and Illness in 
Indiana). 

[Note to publisher: insert graphic: _kokomo with the caption “The Mysterious 
Kokomo Hum”] 


Indorination of Our Children 

Throughout history, empires have understood the imrtance of winning the hearts and 
minds of the people. In recent years in the United States we have seen an exosion of 
lice state indorination focusing on the youth - the old notion of “get’em while they’re 
young.” Whether it’s Nazi Germany, or the New Homeland Security Agency, the youth 
are always a centerpiece of any secret lice tattletale society. 

Now let’s see how they are indorinating our children. The following is an excerpt from 
a -minute commercial that the City of Austin airs daily on Travis County Television 
Channel . We have received rerts confirming identical programs nationwide. 

Television Ad: 

Police Officer to children in classroom setting: 


 



“You can give information without having to give your name.” 


“You guys have all the information that I need.” 

“You guys can get paid for good tips, anywhere from up to $. If you’ll 
sign this card, you’ll get one of these membership cards.” 

They then show a close-up of the card and it reads, “rert weans. . .” We have 
confirmed from the aual teaching materials that children as young as seven are 
paid to rert the types of firearms their parents own. They are also encouraged 
to keep an eye on their neighbors. 

The public service announcement continues with one of the children involved in this 
program stating: 

“Now I have the resnsibility for taking care of my school and making 
sure no kinds of crimes are going on during school, or drug dealers are 
dealing drugs, or nobody gets hurt.” 

By foisting this East German-style program on our children, the government gets millions 
of young people o the lice state system. Police condition them to be members of the 
secret lice. The very fabric of America is destroyed as children are paid two hundred 
dollars every time they turn someone in, including members of their family. 

It is incredibly painful to see how far America has slipped. They’re are dozens of 
different names for these programs, but they’re all the same: WAVE, SAVE, DARE. 

This has nothing to do with drugs; the government ships the drugs in. That’s public 
knowledge. It’s about creating a whole generation of government snitches, of secret 
lice, like the Soviet youth league. They give the children discount credit cards, toys, 

CD ayers, and sometimes thousands of dollars for turning their parents in for “owning 


 



firearms.” I’ve seen the handbooks, and we show you detailed close-ups in my film, : 
The Road to Tyrannny. 

You have a Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms, and of course, firearms 
aren’t illegal. Still, the globalists have told us that they will be banned and they’re 
preparing the next generation to accept this hoble system. 

The head of the Violence Policy Center, a leading anti-Second Amendment think-tank, 
told the Austin- American Statesman in its March ,  edition that, despite the fa 
that there are  million gun owners in America, firearms will be banned because they 
are, “educating children about guns in the schools,” so that when these children are adults 
they will ban guns. This is an amazingly arrogant comment. The social engineers know 
that the average child’s parents have abdicated their resnsibility to be involved in their 
child’s moral development, and that the legions of control-freak change agents now have 
total control through the schools and television. 

They are also training your children to be prisoners. Children use ID cards, and, in 
hundreds of school distris, thumb-scans to buy their lunches. 

Drills at Schools 

Across the country, SWAT teams are putting the finishing touches on our new prison- 
style schools, by conditioning our kids with “mock-terrorist/school shooting attacks.” 
SWAT teams’ so-called anti-terror drills at schools are really just conditioning exercises 
that are part of Federally-funded FEMA programs to condition the children that it’s 
cometely normal to have men dressed up like executioners screaming at them, taking 
over their schools without warrants, and ordering them, with their hands behind their 
heads, onto busses where they are taken to undisclosed locations. 

Manipulated by the propaganda organs of the mainstream media, many frightened 
Americans may be thinking: “Hey, we all saw what happened at Columbine. We’ve got 


 



to prote our children. We’ve got to put fences up. We’ve got to turn them o prisons. 
We’ve got to have them searched without warrants.” 

It has now come out in court documents that SWAT team members were caught on tape 
admitting they anually shot the children at Columbine. It has been confirmed that at least 
six of the thirteen were killed by the SWAT teams (AP, December , , “Columbine 
Student Killed by Cop”; AP, December ,  “Rohrbough: Ballistics show lice 
killed Daniel”). 

In terrorist drills, sadistic predators across the nation get to enjoy abusing and 
traumatizing children as young as six years of age. Men in black uniforms yell and 
scream and throw profanities at them (that we won’t pr here) as they beg and cry and 
ead. They are then loaded on buses and taken to a local jail where they are dragged 
around like filth and treated like criminals. A whole generation is learning how to be 
slaves, learning how to bow down and beg and to put their hands behind their heads when 
the “ring wraiths,” the “dark lords” appear. 

The controlled news media claims that there is an epidemic of school violence. The fa 
is that more Americans die in football accidents in public schools than from gun shot 
wounds. Fifty- four children died in the year  in high school football accidents. 
Fifty-two died in school shootings (source: Department of Justice). 

And many of these children died at the hands of SWAT teams. SWAT teams are 
notoriously trigger-happy and frequently shoot their own officers. Take Fort Worth, 
Texas, where the “Cop of the Year” was shot in the head by one of his comrades at a 
SWAT team drill at a school. In Detroit, they shot a kid in the face in one of these so- 
called drills. 


Conditioning Through Media and Cartoons 


 



Children are under especially heavy lice state conditioning bombardment through 
cartoons. One cartoon, featuring the charaer Buzz Lightyear recently ran an episode 
where a delivery was being made to the superhero’s home by a futuristic mailman. In this 
cartoon, the deliveryman used not only a retinal scan but also DNA to verify the identity 
of the recipient. If we were to show you all the evidence in children’s cartoons and media 
of face scanning, thumb scanning, national ID cards, and the overall lice state, this 
book would be five hundred pages long. Let’s just look at the fas. 

Biometrics and the Cashless Society 

Washington, D.C., has already imemented a card  which is held with the CIA and the 
National Security Agency  for all children. It contains all kinds of biometric 
information  face scans, thumb prs, you name it ( Washington Post, August , , 
“DC Plans ID Card for Students”). If the children want their school lunches, they have to 
thumb scan to get them. No thumb scan, no food ( ABCNews.com , January , , 
“Finger Food”; CBS News, January , , “Fingerprs Pay for School Lunch”). 

All this trains the children for the cashless society and gets them o the database. Think 
about it. Thumb scanning in government schools to get food. You would expe to read 
about something like this in Aldous Huxley’s Brave New World or George Orwell’s 
, but it’s anually happening . . . and it’s only the beginning. 

It’s not just children who are being conditioned. Adults across the land are biometrically 
scanning to bank. And not just bank  but to get their lunches too, at Kroger and HEB 
food stores from Texas to New York. 

GPS Control Grid 

Now the Feds have expanded their tracking control grid by passing a law that all new cell 
phones, starting in Oober , have to be satellite trackable so they know exaly 
where you’re at . . . for your safety ( www.bn.com , September , , “Feds OK Cell 


 



Phone Tracking”; CNET News.com, November , , “Wireless phone tracking ans 
raise privacy hackles”). Whatever happened to the Fourth Amendment? 

Then there’s OnStar. The federal government is in talks with the states to force everyone 
to have an OnStar-type tracking system in their car for tracking as well as taxation 
purses. Private companies are racing ahead to imement this Big Brother system. 
Rental car companies are imsing fines of $ for going one mile over the speed limit 
(ZDNet News, June , , “Car spy pushes privacy limit”), and that’s if you pass the 
thumb scan to get the rental car ( Wired News, November , , “No Thumpr, No 
Rental Car”). 

England, the United States, Canada and Australia have published ans for a unified 
satellite tracking system to be in all cars by . This system will tax and trace all 
drivers and turn your car off if you haven’t been a “good globalist.” The Canadian 
newspaper, The National Post, on June , , rerted, “Transrt Canada wants to 
make global sitioning systems and ignition immobilizers standard issue on new 
vehicles.” The London Guardian, on February , , in an article titled “Drivers Face 
Road Charge by Satellite,” rerted that drivers face charges up to  pence (around  
cents) a mile. Such ans would effeively turn your car o a taxicab for the New 
World Order. This entire tracking/taxing grid is being set up to be egrated with the 
world tax on fossil fuels known as the Kyoto Treaty. 

We saw all this coming in , when I got arrested protesting that fa that Texas had 
already imemented mandatory biometric face/thumb scans to get a driver’s license. I 
led a protest of over  concerned citizens at the State driver’s license facility in Austin, 
Texas, ing out that the database created by this agency in concert with the Federal 
government was to be used as a part of a cashless society taxation control-grid. In my 
case, disorderly condu charges mysteriously disappeared off the books. The control- 
freaks didn’t want to create a court case where I could challenge them for violating my 
God-given rights. 


 



Now here’s Dan Rather on CBS Nightly News talking about what they have anned for 
you and your family in the new lice state America: 

“Nonviolent offenders don’t even have to be behind bars. They can be 
tracked by Global Positioning Satellite that can st them down to a few 
feet. Eleronic boundaries like those we imse on pets could be set up 
for these inmates, and surgically imanted elerodes could even shock 
them until they return to where they’re supsed to be. 

Door Speaks: ‘One thing we could imant would be a subliminal 
imant. In other words, basically a message is being typed o the 
subconscious constantly, “Do the right thing,” “Do what’s required of 
you,” “Be a good citizen,” “Don’t disobey the law.’”” 

This slug would love to make you do what’s required of you and slam you o a super- 
max prison. Our prison pulation has jumped to . million in the last two years. Now 
they are talking about robots controlling us and imanting the entire pulation with 
microchips  or you’re for Al-Qaeda. 

Microchipping the Population 

Before the year , most people would laugh at you if you talked about the government 
wanting to imant the pulation with microchips. I remember back in spring of  
reading an Army War College rert that had been published by the Federation of 
American Scientists in which the Army discussed not just how to get the average 
American to accept a microchip under their skin but how to get them to take a brain 
imant. This document outlined their analysis of the psychological makeup of the 
average citizen and predied that by , with the suprt of media propaganda, 
everyone would accept a brain chip. 

Here’s a seion from the document: 


 



Ethical and Public Relations Issues. Imanting "things" in people raises ethical and 
public relations issues. While these concerns may be founded on today's thinking, in  
they may not be as alarming. We already are evolving toward technology imanting. For 
exame, the military currently requires its members to receive mandatory injeions of 
biological organisms (i.e., the flu shot). In the civilian world, people receive mechanical 
hearts and other organs. Society has come to accept most of these imants as a fa of 
life. By  it is ssible medical technology will have nerve chips that allow amputees 
to control artificial limbs or eye chips that allow the blind to see. The civilian pulace 
will likely accept an imanted microscopic chips that allow military members to defend 
vital national erests. Further, the US military will continue to be a volunteer force that 
will freely accept the chip because it is a tool to control technology and not as a tool to 
control the human. 

[Note to Publisher, ease insert graphic: microchip with the caption: “Storyboard from 
Army Document on Imanted Microchips] 

Now, the mainstream media is peddling imantable microchips as a cure-all. On “Sixty 
Minutes,” Andy Rooney, in one of his famous commentaries, stated: 

“Something has to change, though. They have to find a better way to 
identify the bad guys, or the rest of us are going to stay home and watch 
the world go by on television. But we need some system for permanently 
identifying safe people. Most of us are never going to blow anything up. 

And there’s got to be something better than one of these photo IDs  a 
tattoo somewhere maybe.” 

(Note from Alex: weren ’t prisoners in concentration camps tattooed in Nazi 
Germany?) 

’’The Saudis use an American device to scan the eyes of travelers. I 


 



wouldn’t mind having something anted permanently in my arm that 
would identify me. If we don’t do something, people are going to stop 
flying. If they stop flying, and I don’t go to the Giants games, it means 
the bastards have won.” 

We’re not going to let you win, Rooney. We read what you just imied. We’re with Al- 
Qaeda if we don’t take the microchip. 

In a rert by Diane Sawyer on “Good Morning America”, we learned about a Florida 
family who were imanted with microchips: 

“We have a Florida family who are really pioneers in a brave new world. 

They have volunteered to be the first ever to have microchip identification 
devices imanted o their bodies.” 

Woman: ‘After / was really concerned with the security of my 
family...” 

Top CFR lieutenant Diane Sawyer, for eight minutes, sat there in a sickening fashion 
with this or, pathetic family as they discussed how they were all taking microchips 
because they believed in America and wanted to stop the terrorists. Ladies and 
gentlemen, this is something out a science-fiion horror movie. They are taking chips 
because they stand with the Mother Government. We’re all living in a Nazi Germany 
“Twilight Zone.” Now liticians are announcing that they want to get chips ( Wired 
News, February , , “Politician Wants to ‘Get Chipped’”). 

This brainwashing is direed at all seors of the pulation, and it is everywhere. This is 
the prison grid, turning the whole world o a cashless, controlled system. I have read the 
federal documents, the total an, to force us o these compa cities. You absolutely 
must resist the thumb scans, the face scans, the retina scans, and the biometric cameras 
that can recognize you and scan your face against a billion faces in a single second. 


 



Once the cashless society control-grid snaps o ace, you won’t be able to get anything 
unless you’ve been government-approved as not being a thought criminal  not food, 
water, a house, or a job. You already heard them say that gun owners, conservatives, 
Christians, libertarians, and anybody that doesn’t go along with global New World Order 
tyranny will be watched, tracked, and controlled. The New World Order gang has a 
reason they want to control you, and they’re out there bragging about their ans. 

Technology - The New World Order’s Double-Edged Sword 

While they love using technology to control the under-masses, the globalists see 
technology as a double-edged sword. They see technology as a threat to their monoly 
of were, so the New World Order gang, in their twisted reasoning, has decided that they 
need to tightly control and suppress technological developments, especially the life- 
extension technologies which they are greedily hoarding. In order to suppress these 
developments, they must dumb-down and enslave .% of the pulation and create 
parallel technological systems, with the suboid servant pulation totally unaware of the 
ruling class reality. The delusional, inbred globalists envision themselves as the 
guardians of humanity, managing our lives as they fly above our compa cities on the 
way to a technological Mount Olympus. 

Bill Joy, cofounder and Chief Scientist of Sun Microsystems, cochair of the presidential 
commission on the future of IT research, and coauthor of The Java Language wrote the 
following in the August ,  issue of Wired Magazine : 

“Why the future doesn't need us. 

Our most wereful st-century technologies - robotics, genetic engineering, and 
nanotech - are threatening to make humans an endangered species. . . 

. . . We hear in the news almost every day of some kind of technological or scientific 
advance. Yet this was no ordinary prediion. In the hotel bar, Ray gave me a partial 
prepr of his then- forthcoming book The Age of Spiritual Machines, which outlined a 


 



utopia he foresaw - one in which humans gained near immortality by becoming one with 
robotic technology. On reading it, my sense of unease only ensified; I felt sure he had 
to be understating the dangers, understating the probability of a bad outcome along this 
path... 

... If the elite is ruthless they may simy decide to exterminate the mass of humanity. If 
they are humane they may use propaganda or other psychological or biological 
techniques to reduce the birth rate until the mass of humanity becomes extin, leaving 
the world to the elite. Or, if the elite consists of soft-hearted liberals, they may decide to 
ay the role of good shepherds to the rest of the human race. They will see to it that 
everyone's physical needs are satisfied, that all children are raised under psychologically 
hygienic conditions, that everyone has a wholesome hobby to keep him busy, and that 
anyone who may become dissatisfied undergoes "treatment" to cure his "problem." Of 
course, life will be so purseless that people will have to be biologically or 
psychologically engineered either to remove their need for the were process or make 
them "sublimate" their drive for were o some harmless hobby. These engineered 
human beings may be happy in such a society, but they will most certainly not be free. 
They will have been reduced to the status of domestic animals. . . 


“Population Control” and The Global Elite 

Now the Bilderberg group in Reuters (which they own) has gone public that it anually 
grooms our presidents and our prime ministers; that, yes, its members really are 
ernational bankers; yes, royal families are involved; yes, the bilderberg group runs the 
central banks; and, yes, the elitists see us as the property of a global superstate ( Reuters , 
May , , “Secretive Bilderberg group to Meet in Sweden”). Bilderberg member 
Prince Philip, in his own publication, If I Were an Animal, brags about how he would kill 
eighty percent of the pulation; how his great dream is to come back as a virus. 


 



So you see, these psychos are creating a Matrix - like control system and talking about 
killing you, from Ted Turner at the U.N. to Prince Philip. They are out of control and on 
a massive were trip. 


Phony Environmentalism 

Peoe like Ted Turner and Maurice Strong have been pushing, writing the textbooks for 
a massive environmental movement control system to steal all of the private property not 
already in their wicked hands. They are ramming through their agenda using the phony 
environmental movement. The environmental movement has nothing to do with saving 
the environment, and everything to do with stealing property and emwereing world 
government. The New World Order gang is promoting their world- wide landgrab as a 
religious movement. James Cobum, an aor involved in the environmental movement, 
said: “We’ve lost our way. The earth is a living organism. We’ve got to praise our 
Mother Goddess.” 


UN Takeover and “Population Control” 

I produced a documentary video called America Destroyed by Design. We traveled six 
thousand miles around America and witnessed the horror of the United Nations taking 
over our national parks and monuments through mechanisms like the World Heritage 
sites and the Man and the Biosphere programs. Now, under the Desertification Treaty, 
passed by congress and signed o law on Oober , , seventy percent of the 
country is under United Nations jurisdiion (source: Congressional Record). Through 
ernational treaty congress has given control over most of the  states’ land mass to 
the United Nations. Under the guise of preserving our natural resources, the entire world 
is being brainwashed through every medium imaginable to relinquish control over private 
property to the United Nations. 

[Note to publisher: INSERT graphic:  -biodiversity]. 


 



The United Nations Convention on Biodiversity, ratified by many nations way back in 
the s, stated that human beings are nothing more than cattle and must be controlled 
by a centralized law enforcement lice state; that property rights are not absolute; that 
people are the problem; and that a global tyrannical government is going to have to step 
in to save the earth. This a prime exame of tyrants making excuses for their criminal 
aivities. 

The UN Convention on Biodiversity Rert then goes on to talk about how we must get 
rid of eighty-us percent of the world’s pulation (we’re talking about five-us billion 
people) or else there won’t be enough resources to go around. Talk about a rationale for 
slavery. 

The United Nations, in this rert, brags about how wonderful ancient societies were in 
using infanticide, human sacrifice, homicide, feuding, and other bloody praices as a 
way to control pulation. They anually endorse these praices in this rert. 

The United Nations doesn’t just talk about killing people in the name of saving the earth, 
they’ve anually put their ans o aion. The Burmese army killed two thousand 
people and drove thirty thousand from their homes to make way for a United Nations 
biosphere sanuary( source: London Guardian, March , ). 

The UN has also laid out detailed ans of how they can murder half the world’s 
pulation by restriing fertilizers and access to igation water (GBA Seion  .. . 
page ). This UN document has already talked about bizarre occult rituals like human 
sacrifice as being egral parts of maaining pulations at sustainable levels. It talks 
about how ancient societies used the environment and considered it to be holy; how 
Christians are bad because they cut down the sacred groves where they engaged in their 
special rituals that helped maain and reenish nature. 

This bloodthirsty control-freak theme echoes through elitist circles at aces like the 
Georgia guidestones, owned by Illuminati leaders, that talk about reducing the world 


 



pulation by eighty percent (the number we heard from Prince Philip and Ted Turner so 
many times before); the statement that the elite must maain the pulation, forcibly, at 
five hundred million. 

And now, from recently declassified government documents in Australia, we learn that 
world-famous microbiologists, Nobel Prize winners, were seriously contemating and 
anning to release biological weans to reduce an overpulated world {The Age, 
March , , “Burnet’s solution: The an to ison SE Asia”). The revelation is 
contained in top-secret files declassified by the National Archive of Australia. 

I challenge everyone to read the nightmare Kyoto Treaty  a total United Nations 
takeover of the world’s energy supy and a huge taxing mechanism to control the 
pulations of the earth. Behind this New World Order takeover an is junk science. 
There is no global warming. Thousands of scientists have come forward to say we are in 
a natural weather cycle, and that one major volcanic eruption emits more carbon gasses 
than all of man’s industrial output combined over  years. 

Eugenics 

Those who control the machinery of government would have us believe that they have 
our best erests at heart, but in reality they are obsessed with imementing hofic 
programs of pulation control. Eugenics programs in the United States from the ’s 
to  sterilized hundreds of thousands of Americans, declaring the children of single 
parent families sime-minded if they scored under a B+ on their rert cards. Those 
children were sterilized, and, in many cases after being taken o custody, were erned 
in maximum security mental institutions where medical students would condu 
hystereomies and engage in medical experimentation on them. The young men were 
castrated. 

In another government-snsored atrocity, thousands of black me were told they were 
receiving treatment for syphilis. In reality, these ‘experiment subjes’ were being 


 



allowed to die slow deaths, in some cases for over  years, while they spread the disease 
to thousands in the Tuskegee Experiment. 

Fluoridation 

"Fluoridation is the greatest case of scientific fraud of this century, if not of all time" (Dr 
Robert Carton, " Marketace " Canadian Broadcast Company Nov th, .) 

Dr Robert Carton, a scientist who spent  years working for the US EPA 

Fluoride is a known toxin that causes cancer, severe bone fraures and retardation of 
children, heading scientific institutions, major universities and Nobel laureates have 
exsed its danger, yet fluoride is being crammed o the water worldwide. The amount 
of solid scientific evidence that fluoride kills is overwhelming. Those who dispute this 
reality are flat-earthers, denying the fas of what is happening in our society. 

Only % of Europe fluoridates their water. In  a study by the New Jersey 
Department of Health (Cohn PD, A Brief Rert on the Association of Drinking Water 
Fluoridation and the Incidence of Osteosarcoma among young Males. New Jersey Dept of 
Health, Nov th ,. ) found a strong link between fluoridation and bone cancer 
(osteosarcoma) in young males. They rerted that osteosarcoma rates were three to 
seven times higher in fluoridated areas than non-fluoridated areas. 

Fluoridated water has been linked to decreased birth rates because it erferes with levels 
testosterone of males (Freni SC, Fluoride in Drinking Water & Decreased Birth Rates. 
Journal of Toxicology & Environmental Health No , pp  - ,  ). Chinese 
studies show reduced IQ in children overexsed to fluoride through drinking water. 
Further effes include memory loss, headache, reduced concentration, depression and 
confusion(Zhao FB, Fiang GH, Zhang DN,Wu XR, Effes of a High Fluoride Water 
Supy on Children’s Intelligence. Fluoride : pp -, . Fi XS et al, Effe 
of Fluoride Exsure on Intelligence in Children. Paper to th Conference of 
International Society for Fluoride Research, Beijing, Sept, ). 


 



A major university study condued over decades compared rates of bone cancer in 
Northern Ireland, where water is fluoridated, and the South where water is not treated 
with fluoride. The rates of rare bone cancer were % higher in the North. The evidence 
that fluoride is a dangerous toxic waste that the New World Order is dissing of in our 
water supy is overwhelming. 


Aspartame 

Another widespread chemical attack launched by globalist juggernaut is aspartame, the 
taste that kills. Calling aspartame a ison is doing it a favor. According to the scientists 
and brain surgeons I’ve erviewed, this is one of the biggest killers in the United States 
today. It is in over nine thousand foods. 


Vaccines 

Then there are vaccines. Everything from cancer viruses to DNA fragments and mercury 
has been found in vaccines. The entire vaccine supy is contaminated. And what is the 
government doing? Mandating more and more injeions of our children. 

The Chicago Tribune rerted in  that  top scientists met in Chicago to present 
overwhelming evidence that cancer viruses found in monkeys are in many of the 
vaccines. A recent ll in the United Kingdom, showed that over % of the pulation 
opses the mandatory injeion of the measles, mumps and rubella (mmr) vaccine. A 
news anchor has gone public with the fa that this vaccine has brain-damaged his child. 
Autism is up over  percent and is rising in the industrial world prortionately with 
the increase of mandated vaccinations. 

Elites throughout history have always sought to control their serfs. Now the elite has 
almost unlimited technologies. They have the technologies that will allow them to have 
extended, perhaps eternal lives with the help of cybernetic erfaces. The globalists (and 
they talk about this in their own licy papers) are not about to allow you and your 


 



family to have access to this technology. Unless we stop them, they are going to herd us 
o the reservations to control us with this new, advanced technology. They are obsessed 
with it. Unchecked, they will exterminate eighty percent of us, while creating a 
technology-driven metrolis-utopia for themselves. 

The atomic soldiers, Proje SHAD. . . I could go on for days. I have rooms full of 
documents and Congressional testimony. Wake-up. Open your eyes and look around 
you. A bunch of sicko control-freaks run the world. 

Conclusion 

You’ve seen the historical record. You’ve seen the fas that government snsored and 
controlled terrorism in the final decades of the twentieth century, going o the new 
millennium in . This is a call to arms, a call to the information war, to wake up your 
friends, your family, people in your community, your churches, your universities, your 
schools, and to realize what we are facing. The evidence is absolutely overwhelming and 
cannot be denied. 

Look at elites throughout history. Their easure and enjoyment is feeding un 
pulations and controlling them. We are dealing with control freaks. You have to learn 
about human history to understand our enemy. You have to look around you and study 
the systems of were that surround you. Get outside the paradigm, outside the box. 
Educate yourself on these fas, and then educate others on how to resist the system. 
Whatever you do, never turn in your firearm s . We are trying to fix these problems 
peaceably, but we do have every right to defend ourselves and our families from this 
tyranny. 

You see, this is a warning to everyone. If we are unable to defeat this New World Order, 
the terror attacks are going to begin to escalate. They are going to get worse, until the 
United Nations program for an eighty percent world pulation reduion is anually 
realized. 


 



Please study this and look at the fas. You need to get out the word. You have to make it 
the issue in your community if we are going to defeat this system. More terror attacks are 
coming, and it is up to you get the word out of who is behind them, because by doing 
that, we are able to shine the stlight on these creatures and to show how they are using 
terror to get more were and control. 

When we exse their evil paradigm, the globalists lose the were they have over us. No 
longer will they be seen as our loving saviors just taking our rights away for our best 
erests; they will be exsed to be the bloodthirsty, evil tyrants that they are Then the 
illusion will be shattered, the curtain of lies thrown back to reveal them for the beasts that 
they are. If you don’t shatter that illusion of control, it is over for America, it is over for 
the world, and it means absolute, total dehumanization. 

We need Paul Reveres all across this country  black, white, old, young  to fight for this 
Republic and against these slave masters. 


Note: Alex Jones is a documentary filmmaker and syndicated talk-radio host. Before the 
attacks, in July of , Jones was on the record on his radio and television shows and on 
his website - www.infowars.com - stating that Osama bin Laden was a known CIA asset 
and that his elligence sources were stating that the government was anning an attack 
on New York as a pretext for more control. 

The book you have just read, : Descent o Tyranny, is adapted from his film, : 
The Road the Tyranny produced in late /early . Jones decided to write this book 
because his friends, family and listeners suggested that it would be helpful in reaching 
more people. Dozens of requests from the hearing impaired finalized the decision to 
write the book. 


 


Much of the book is a word-for-word transcription from the film, : The Road the 
Tyranny. The following chapters have been added by the author to hopefully give the 
reader a greater understanding of what we face as a species. We are desperate to get this 
book out as quickly as ssible to the people so they can prevent the existing government 
terrorist paradigm from exoding across the world. The pages of this book them s elves 
are the bibliography. To read the articles, government documents and legislation cited in 
this book in detail, ease visit our website at www. infowars. com . 


 


WORLD BANKERS FEED OFF OF CRUMBLING ECONOMIES 


In late , the stock market in the United States is unging. The controlled 
media tells us that it is a symptom of corrate greed and an accidental occurrence. 

The truth is that recently released central bank cartel documents show that the 
entire global financial melt-down in a pursefully engineered consolidation. The 
following is a transcript of an erview with award-winning investigative journalist 
Greg Palast in which Palast blows the IMF World Bank program of slavery wide 
open. 


Transcript of Interview of Greg Palast, Journalist for BBC and Observer, London, by 
Alex Jones 

Alex Jones Radio Show, Monday (PM), March ,  


AJ: This is earth shattering. Can you break it down for us and tell us 
what the economists have done? 

GP: Well, I'll tell you two things. One, I ske to the former chief economist, Joe Stiglitz 
who was fired by the (World) Bank. So I, on BBC and with Guardian, basically spent 
some time debriefing him. It was like one of the scenes out of Mission Imssible, you 
know where the guy comes over from the other side and you spend hours debriefing him. 
So I got the insight of what was happening at the World Bank. In addition, he did not 
brief me but I got some other sources. He would not give me inside documents but other 
people handed me a giant stash of secret documents from the World Bank and the 
International Monetary Fund. 

And so one of the things that is happening is that, in fa, I was supsed to be on CNN 
with the head of the World Bank Jim Wolfensen and he said he would not appear on 
CNN ever if they put me on. And so CNN did the craziest thing and pulled me off. 

AJ: So now they are threatening total boycott. 

GP: Yeah, right. So what we found was this. We found inside these documents that 
basically they required nations to sign secret agreements, in which they agreed to sell off 
their key assets, in which they agreed to take economic steps which are really devastating 
to the nations involved and if they didn't agree to these steps, there was an average for 
each nation that signed one-hundred and eleven items that they are required to sign on to. 
If they didn't follow those steps they would be cut-off from all ernational borrowing. 
You can't borrow any money in the ernational marketace. No one can survive 
without borrowing, whether you are people or corrations or countries - without 
borrowing some money and having some credit and ... 


 



AJ: Because of the debt inflation pit they've created. 


GP: Yes, well, see one of the things that happened is that - we've got exames from, I've 
got inside documents recently from Argentina, the secret Argentine an. This is signed 
by Jim Wolfensen, the president of the World Bank. By the way, just so you know, they 
are really upset with me that I've got the documents, but they have not challenged the 
authenticity of the documents. First, they did. First they said those documents don't exist. 

I anually showed them on television. And cite some on the web, I anually have copies of 
some... 


AJ: Greg Palast dot com? 

GP: Yes, gregpalast.com. So then they backed off and said yea those documents are 
authentic but we are not going to discuss them with you and we are going to keep you off 
the air anyway. So, that's that. But what they were saying is look, you take a country like 
Argentina, which is, you know, in flames now. And it has had five presidents in five 
weeks because their economy is cometely destroyed. 

AJ: Isn't it six now? 

GP: Yea, it's like the weekly president because they can't hold the nation together. And 
this happened because they started out in the end of the s with orders from the IMF and 
World Bank to sell-off all their assets, public assets. I mean, things we wouldn't think of 
doing in the US, like selling off their water system. 

AJ: So they tax the people. They create big government and big government hands it off 
to the private IMF/World Bank. And when we get back, I want to get to the four-parts 
that you elegantly lay out here where they anually pay off the liticians billions to their 
Swiss bank accounts to do this transfer. 

GP: That's right. 

AJ: This is one of the biggest stories ever, ease continue. 

GP: So what's happening is - this is just one of them. And by the way, it's not just anyone 
who gets a piece of the aion. The water system of Buenos Aires was sold off for a song 
to a company called Enron. A pipeline was sold off, that runs between Argentina and 
Chile, was sold off to a company called Enron. 

AJ: . . .And then the globalists blow out their shell corration, Enron after transfeng 
the assets to another dummy corration and then they just roll the theft items off. 

GP: You've got it. And by the way, you know why they moved the pipeline to Enron is 
that they got a call from somebody named George W. Bush in . 

AJ: Unbelievable. Stay right there. We are talking to Greg Palast. 

BREAK 


 



AJ: We are talking to Greg Palast. He is an award-winning journalist, an American who 
has worked for the BBC, London Guardian, who has dropped a massive bomb-shell on 
the Globalists and their criminal aivity. There is no other word for it. You link through 
at inforwars.com, you can link to his web site - gregpalast.com, or any of the other great 
rerts he has been putting out. He now has the secret documents. We have seen the 
aivity of the IMF/World Bank for years. 


They come in, pay off liticians to transfer the water systems, the railways, the 
telephone companies, the nationalized oil companies, gas stations - they then hand it over 
to them for nothing. The Globalists pay them off individually, billions a piece in Swiss 
bank accounts. And the an is total slavery for the entire pulation. Of course, Enron, 
as we told you was a dummy corration for money laundering, drug money, you name 
it, from the other rerters we have had on. It's just incredibly massive and hard to 
believe. But it is anually happening. 


Greg Palast has now broken the story world-wide. He has erviewed the former top 
World Bank economist. Continuing, Sir with all these s. . . for the average person out 
there, in a nutshell, what is the system you are exsing? 

GP: We are exsing that they are systematically tearing nations apart, whether it's 
Ecuador or Argentina. The problem is some of these bad ideas are drifting back o the 
U.S. In other words, they have run out of aces to bleed. And the problem is, this is the 
chief economist, this is not some minor guy. By the way, a coue of months ago, after he 
was fired, he was given the Nobel Prize in Economics. So he is no fool. He told me, he 
went o countries where they were talking about privatizing and selling off these assets. 
And basically, they knew, they literally knew and turned the other way when it was 
understood that leaders of these countries and the chief ministers would salt away 
hundreds of millions of dollars. 

AJ: But it's not even privatization. They just steal it from the people and hand it over to 
the IMF/World Bank. 

GP: They hand it over, generally to the cronies, like Citibank was very big and grabbed 
half the Argentine banks. You've got British Petroleum grabbing pipelines in Ecuador. I 
mentioned Enron grabbing all over the ace. And the problem is that they are destroying 
these systems as well. You can't even get drinking water in Buenos Aires. I mean it is not 
just a question of the theft. You can't turn on the tap. It is more than someone getting rich 
at the public expense. 

AJ: And the IMF just got handed the Great Lakes. They have the sole control over the 
water supy now. That's been in the Chicago Tribune. 

GP: Well the problem that we have is - look, the IMF and the World Bank is % owned 
by the United States Treasury. So the question becomes, what are we getting for the 
money that we put o there? And it looks like we are getting mayhem in several nations. 
Indonesia is in flames. He was telling me, the Chief Economist, Stiglitz, was telling me 


 



that he started questioning what was happening. You know, everywhere we go, every 
country we end up meddling in, we destroy their economy and they end up in flames. 

And he was saying that he questioned this and he got fired for it. But he was saying that 
they even kind of an in the riots. They know that when they squeeze a country and 
destroy its economy, you are going to get riots in the streets. And they say, well that's the 
IMF riot. In other words, because you have riot, you lose. All the capital runs away from 
your country and that gives the oprtunity for the IMF to then add more conditions. 

AJ: And that makes them even more desperate. So it is really an imperial economy war to 
imode countries and now they are doing it here with Enron. They are getting so greedy. 

GP: I've just been talking to, out in California just yesterday, from here in Paris, the chief 
investigators of Enron for the State of California. They are telling me some of the games 
these guys are aying. No one is watching that. It's not just the stockholders that got 
ripped off. They sucked millions, billions of dollars out of the public cket in Texas and 
California in particular. 

AJ: Where are the assets? See, everybody says there are no assets left since Enron was a 
dummy corration - they transferred all those assets to other corrations and banks. 

GP: Well yea, this stuff has really gone just like a three-card Monty game. I mean 
remember that there is money at the bottom. You did pay California's eleric bills 
according to the investigations, they are telling me that they were pumped up 
unnecessarily by  to -billion dollars. And I don't know who they are going to get it 
back from now. 

AJ: Well they caught the Governor buying it for $ per megawatt and selling it back to 
Enron for $ per megawatt and doing it over and over and over again. 

GP: Yea, the system has gotten cometely out of control and these guys knew exaly 
what was happening. Well, you have to understand that some of the guys who designed 
the system in California for deregulation then went to work for Enron right after. In fa, 
here I'm in London right now and we have, the British has some resnsibility here. The 
guy who was on the audit committee of Enron, Lord Wakeham. And this guy is a 
real piece of work, there isn't a confli of erest that he hasn't been involved in. 

AJ: And he is the head of NM Rothschild. 

GP: There isn't anything that he doesn't have his fingers in. He's on something like fifty 
Boards. And one of the problems, he was supsed to be head of the audit committee 
watching how Enron kept the books. 

And in fa, they were paying him consulting fees on the side. He was in Margaret 
Thatcher's government and he's the one who authorized Enron to come o Britain and 
take over were ants here in Britain. And 

they owned a water system in the middle of England. This is what this guy approved and 
then they gave him a job on the board. And on top of being on the board, they gave him a 
huge consulting contra. So you know, this guy was supsed to be in charge of the 
audit committee to see how they were handling their accounts. 


 



AJ: Well, he is also the head of the board to regulate the media. 

GP: Yes, he is, because I have run o real problems, because he regulates me. 

AJ: They are also trying to pass laws in England where you've got an -year old well, 
or in some cases a -year old well that the Romans built that's on your property and 
they say we are putting a meter on 
it. You can't have your own water. 

GP: Yea, and that's Lord Wakeham. I mean this is the guy from Enron. He is a real piece 
of work. He can't be touched here because like I say he anually regulates the media. So if 
you comain, he's got his hand on your pen. 

AJ: Burrow o NM Rothschild, you'll find it all there. Go through these four s. 
You’ve got the documents. The IMF/World Bank imosion, four s, how they bring 
down a country and destroy the 
resources of the people. 

GP: Right. First you open up the capital markets. That is, you sell off your local banks to 
foreign banks. Then you go to what's called market-based pricing. That's the stuff like in 
California where everything is free market and you end up with water bills - we can't 
even imagine selling off water companies in the United States of America. But imagine if 
a private company like Enron owned your water. So then the prices go through the roof. 
Then open up your borders to trade - comete free marketeering. And Stiglitz who was 
the chief economist, remember he was running this system, he was their numbers man 
and he was saying it was like the opium wars. He said this isn't free trade; this is coercion 
trade. This is war. They are taking apart economies through this. 

AJ: Well look, China has a % tariff on us, we have a % on them. That's not free and 
fair trade. It's to force all industry to a country that the globalists fully control. 

GP: Well, you know Walmart -  have a story in my new book about how Walmart has 
 ants in China. There is almost nothing in a Walmart store that comes from the 
United States of America, despite all the eagles on the wall. 

AJ: Exaly, like , then they have big flags saying "Buy American" and there's 
hardly anything  it's Orwellian double-think. 

GP: What's even worst is they will hire a faory and right next to it will be the sister 
faory which is inside a prison. You can imagine the conditions of these workers 
producing this lovely stuff for Walmart. It's really.... 

AJ: And if an elitist needs a liver, they just call. 

GP: (Laughs) I know, it's grim. In fa, I talked to a guy, Harry Wu, is his name and, in 
fa, he broke o, he's been in Chinese prison for  years. No one believed his hoble 
stories. He anually broke back o prison, took a camera with him and took piures of 
the conditions and said this is the conditions of faories where Walmart is getting its 
stuff made at, it's all.... 


 



AJ: I was threatened to be thrown off TV here in Austin when I aired video of little girls 
-years old chained down to die in China, skinnier than Jews in concentration camps. 

And I was threatened, if you ever air that again, you will be arrested. 

GP: Well you know, it is hofying stuff that, unfortunately, I have been handed and 
Stiglitz, was very courageous for him to come out and make these statements. The 
documents really sealed it because it said this is what really happened. They really do say 
sign on the dotted line agreeing to    conditions for each nation. And the public has no 
say; they don't 

know what the hell is happening to them. 

AJ: Go back o privatization. Go through these four s. That's the key. It sends 
billions to liticians to hand everything over. 

GP: Yea, he called it briberization, which is you sell off the water company and that's 
worth, over ten years, let's say that that's worth about  billion bucks, ten percent of that 
is  million, you can figure out how it works. I anually ske to a Senator from 
Argentina two weeks ago. I got him on camera. He said that after he got a call from 
George W. Bush in  saying give the gas pipeline in Argentina to Enron, that's our 
current president, George W. Bush. He said that what he found was really creepy was that 
Enron was going to pay one-fifth of the world's price for their gas and he said how can 
you make such an offer? And he was told, not by George W. but by a partner in the deal, 
well if we only pay one-fifth that leaves quit a little bit for you to go in your Swiss 
bank account. And that's how it's done. 

AJ: This is the .... 

GP: I've got the film. This guy is very conservative. He knows the Bush family very well. 
And he was public works administrator in Argentina and he said, yea, I got this call. I 
asked him, I said, from George W. Bush. He said, yea, November , the guy called 
him up and said give a pipeline to Enron. Now this is the same George W. Bush who said 
he didn't get to know Ken Lay until . So, you know 

AJ: So now they are having these white- wash hearings. . . 

GP: Well, you know, I was there in May, telling people in Britain you've never heard of 
Enron, but ... And these are the guys who have figured out how to manipulate this 
government. In fa, we saw some eresting documents, a month before Bush took 
office, Bill Clon, I think to get even with Bush's big donor, cut Enron out of the 
California were market. He put a cap on the prices they could charge. They couldn't 
charge more than one-hundred times the normal price for elericity. That upset Enron. 

So Ken Lay personally wrote a note to Dick Cheney saying get rid of Clon's cap on 
prices. Within  hours of George W. Bush taking office, his energy department reversed 
the clamps on Enron. OK, how much is that worth for those guys. You know that has got 
to be worth a lot, that paid off in a week all the donations. 

AJ: Listen at the bombs you are dropping. You are erviewing these ministers, former 
head of IMF/World Bank economist - all of this, you've got the documents, paying 
people's Swiss Bank accounts, all this happening. Then you've got Part , what do they 


 



do after they start 
imoding? 

GP: Well, then they tell you to start cutting your budgets. A fifth of the pulation of 
Argentina is unemoyed, and they said cut the unemoyment benefits drastically, take 
away pension funds, cut the education budgets, I mean hoble things. Now if you cut the 
economy in the middle of a recession that was created by these guys, you are really going 
to absolutely demolish this nation. After we were attacked on September , Bush ran out 
and said we got to spend $ to $ billion dollars to save our economy. We don't start 
cutting the budget, you start trying to save this economy. But they tell these countries 
you've got to cut, and cut, and cut. And why, according to the inside documents, it's so 
you can make payments to foreign banks - the foreign banks are colleing % to % 
erest. This is loan-sharking. If fa, it was so bad that they required Argentina to get rid 
of the laws against loan-sharking, because any bank would be a loan-shark under 
Argentine law. 

AJ: But Greg, you said it yourself and the documents show it. They first imode the 
economy to create that atmosphere. They set up the entire climate that does this. 

GP: Yea, and then they say, well gee, we can't lend you any money except at these loan- 
shark rates. We don't allow people to charge % erest in the United States. That's 
loan-sharking. 

AJ: Part  and Part . What do they do after they do that? 

GP: Like I said, you open up the borders for trade, that's the new opium wars. And once 
you have destroyed an economy that can't produce anything, one of the teble things is 
that they are forcing nations to pay horrendous amounts for things like drugs - legal 
drugs. And by the way, that's how you end up with an illegal drug trade, what's there left 
to survive on except sell us smack and crack and that's how... 

AJ: And the same CIA national security diatorship has been caught shipping that in. 

GP: You know, we are just helping our allies. 

AJ: This is just amazing. And so, drive the whole world down, blow out their economies 
and then buy the rest of it up for pennies on the dollar. What's Part  of the IMF/World 
Bank Plan? 

GP: In Part , you end up again with the taking apart of the government. And by the way, 
the real Part  is the coup d'etat. That's what they are not telling you. And I'm just finding 
that out in Venezuela. I just got a call from the President of Venezuela. 

AJ: And they install their own corrate puppet government. 

GP: What they said was here you've got an eleed president of the government and the 
IMF has announced, listen to this, that they would suprt a transition government if the 
president were removed. They are not saying that they are going to get involved in 
litics - they would just suprt a transition government. What that effeively is is 


 



saying we will pay for the coup d'etat, if the military overthrows the current president, 
because the current president of Venezuela has said no to the IMF. He told those guys to 
go packing. They brought their teams in and said you have to do this and that. And he 
said, I don't have to do nothing. He said what I'm going to do is, I'm going to double the 
taxes on oil corrations because we have a whole lot of oil in Venezuela. And I'm going 
to double the taxes on oil corrations and then I will have all the money I need for social 
programs and the government - and we will be a very rich nation. Well, as soon as they 
did that, they started fomenting trouble with the military and I'm telling you watch this 
space: the President of Venezuela will be out of office in three months or shot dead. They 
are not going to allow him to raise taxes on the oil companies. 

Note: This Interview took ace on The Alex Jones Show on March , . Forbes.com 
rerted on a Venezuelan Coup D ’Etat on March ,  in an article titled, “Coup 
DEtat In Venezuela Will Let Oil Flow. ” 

AJ: Greg Palast, here is the problem. You said it when you first came out of the gates. 
They are getting hungry, they are doing it to the United States now. Enron, from all the 
evidence that I've seen was a front, another shill, they would steal assets and then transfer 
it to other older global companies, then they blew that out and stole the pension funds. 
Now they are telling us that terrorism is coming any day. It's going to happen if you don't 
give your rights up. Bush did not involve Congress and the others who are supsed to be 
in the accession if there is a nuclear attack in the secret government, Washington Post - 
"Congress Not Advised of Shadow Government." We have the Speaker of the House not 
being told. This looks like coup d'etat here. I'm going to come right out with it. We had 
better spread the word on this now or these greedy creatures are going to go all the way. 

GP: I'm very sad about one thing. I rert this story in the main stream press of Britain. 
I'm on the BBC despite Lord Wakeham. I know he doesn't like me there. I'm in the BBC, 
I'm in the main daily paper, which is the equivalent of the New York Times or whatever, 
and we do get the information out. And I'm just very sorry that we have to have an 
alternative press, an alternative radio network and everything else to get out the 
information that makes any sense. I mean this information should be available to every 
American. After all, it's our government. 


 



INFOWARS.COM EXCLUSIVE: BOHEMIAN GROVE 


To understand the mindset and charaer of the New World Order crowd, it is 
imrtant to examine their aivities when they are on “holiday.” On July ,  
the secrecy of an elite encampment in Northern California abruptly ended. The 
story has been featured on the cover of Esquire Magazine, the San Francisco 
Chronicle, as well as on television from England to Japan. This story of the occult 
rituals condued by the New World Order elite at the Bohemian Grove is true and 
documented on film. 


Occult Aivities at the Elite Bohemian Grove 
in Northern California Exsed! 

Alex Jones Tells His Story 


Austin, TX  Last July, documentary filmmaker Alex Jones infiltrated Bohemian Grove, 
becoming the first person to capture the bizarre occult aivities of the all-male elite club 
membership on videotape. This footage recently aired in England, Ireland and Scotland 
on UK Channel Four as Part Three of a four-part special: The Secret Rulers of the World. 
Alex Jones was inside the , acre elite comund for over five hours, and states, 
"Thank God I caught the whole thing on videotape because no one would believe me if I 
hadn’t. I have trouble believing what I witnessed with my own two eyes. It was anually 
that bizarre." 

For over  years, world leaders have traveled to Sonoma County California in the 
month of July. Almost immediately, bizarre rumors began to circulate in the local press 
that something dark and occult was going on. The rumors entailed dark stories of men in 
black and red robes and a giant -foot stone owl, to which something, or someone was 
being sacrificed. 

Alex Jones, being a radio talk-show host had heard the rumors many times, so he decided 
to look o it and did some research. To his surprise, mainstream media articles from 
Parade Magazine, the Associated Press, Reuters, the Sacramento Bee, and the 
Washington Times confirmed the incredible. World leaders were traveling yearly to the 
rural redwood-covered hills of Northern California and photos anually existed of the 
giant stone owl and the men in black and red robes. 

"I was angered," Jones said, "that in over  years there had been only a handful of news 
stories written on Bohemian Grove, and that these stories calmly rerted on the rumors 
and engaged in a whitewash, thus hiding a giant story in ain view." 


Reading about all the law enforcement and Secret Service proteing the Grove’s 
mysteries every July, Jones took the challenge of Jon Ronson of World of Wonder 
Produions to "blow Bohemian Grove wide-open with his hidden cameras." 


 


After traveling from Austin, Texas to San Francisco, Jones and the other members of his 
team, met up with the British fil mm akers and began a three-day investigation before 
attempting to enter the Grove. 

On July , , Alex Jones and his assistant, Mike, equipped with two hidden video 
cameras and disguised as members of the Bohemian Club successfully infiltrated the elite 
cult comund. 

One of the most commonly asked questions is: How did they get in? 

Following is a transcript of a taped erview with Alex Jones, who describes his 
infiltration of the super-secret elitist camp and what he witnessed inside: 

"The Bohemian Club lies within a range of large hills and cliffs with - ft. drops. 
The club itself consists of large log cabin-style homes built o the gorge walls. 

There is only one entrance on the north side of the comund, which is a paved road, 
appropriately named "Bohemian Avenue." 

A low barbed-wire fence surrounds the entire perimeter of the club, but the fence doesn’t 
matter because there is only one ace where the hills come together, leaving an opening 
traversable by foot or car. Simy stated, the Bohemian Grove is a walled city. 

After being dropped off near the Bohemian Club, we inserted ourselves o the woods 
about  yards from the main entrance. After going over the barbed wire fence, we 
found ourselves in what can only be described as a moat. The entire area along the road 
to the foot of the cliff walls had been dug out and flooded. 

We were able to make our way across the expansive swamp by jumping from broken tree 
limbs and other debris. 

After climbing up a steep embankment, pulling our way up by gripping on tree roots, we 
found ourselves in a large parking lot, with hundreds of cars. We saw several dozen 
Bohemian Club emoyees/servants getting out of the vehicles, which were everything 
from Mercedes-Benz to Ford Tems. 

At about  yards through the trees, we saw a much larger parking lot, filled with more 
late-model, luxury-style cars. Obviously, this was the parking area of the aual , 
members of the Bohemian Club. 

When you come in on the main road, the moat, the swamp and the emba nk ment are off to 
the right (off to the west) just  yards of so. By going across the swamp or moat, we 
made our way past the first two checks, which consisted of a small guard shack on 
the left-hand side of the road and another  yards down the road another guard shack on 
the right-hand side of the road. 

It’s a good thing that we decided to sneak around the first two checks, by entering 
through the Bohemian Grove emoyee parking lot, because the real checks lie 
deeper inside the Grove. There was a check in the middle of the road (a large guard 
shack with several dozen security people) and then guard shacks on the left and right 


 


sides of the road, which were kind of like the German-style checks you see in old 
news reels. 

I told Mike I thought it would be a good idea if we tried to get on one of the large trucks 
(the flat-back open trucks that had padded seats that were picking up members of the 
Bohemian Club as well as the emoyees). So, we went ahead and walked through the 
woods to the Bohemian Club member parking area and waited for one of the large trucks 
to pull up, at which time myself and Mike climbed onto the back with two older 
gentlemen. 

Mike and myself made small-talk conversation as we got onto the black-top road and 
drove deeper o the Grove, now approaching these larger checks. In the two or 
three minutes that we were on board the truck, we caught an eresting conversation on 
tape, as two of the members discussed the prices of their ceremonial robes (all of that is 
in my video, Dark Secrets: Inside Bohemian Grove). 

Our first close call happened as we neared the main check. The truck anually 
stopped, at which time an older, gray-haired man made eye conta with the driver of the 
truck and walked around the back of the truck to stare myself and Mike right in the eye. 
Obviously, he was afraid that we might be guests of the two older gentlemen we were 
riding in with in the truck (as Bohemian Club members are allowed to bring guests) so he 
didn’t ask us who we were or what we were doing. The guards went ahead and waved us 
on with a look of suspicion. 

Then we were really inside the Bohemian Grove. We had heard all of the bizarre rumors 
and were about to find out what was really going on inside. The mystery was getting 
closer to being solved. 

The truck drove in for several more minutes and stopped at which time we off-loaded. I 
told Mike that I wanted to get to cover. It took us about  minutes to an hour to walk all 
the way through to the bottom of the gorge, at which  the road ended and a car could 
no longer drive on it, as it turned o a concrete-paved, blacktop foot-path. 

We reached the end of the gorge, which is an observation deck at the top of a -foot 
cliff overlooking the Russian River and the small town of Monte Rio on the other side. It 
was my an to have the least amount of conta with the Bohemian Club members and 
staff as I could and to wait until nightfall to attempt to get out our hidden cameras and to 
catch the Cremation of Care ceremony on tape. 

At this , I should digress and go back and say that as we were walking o the 
Grove we came within about ten yards of the  foot stone owl that sits to the north side 
of the small lake. We were only about seven yards away from the black altar that sits at 
the base of the owl. 

So, already at this  we had proven a big rumor true: yes there is a giant stone owl - 
yes there is an altar. As we were walking deeper o the grove, past the lake, we even 
saw little metal crosses sticking up from the water’s edge. We’ll get to those little metal 
crosses later. 


 


So, now we had been there about an hour at the observation deck. There was no one 
around. All of the sudden, there was an older gentleman, about - years old, wearing 
a Sonoma County Sheriffs Department uniform coming up the path . We didn’t even see 
him coming. I believe he was the Sheriff, and he started speaking to us in some kind of 
code. 

He looked direly at me and said, "Were you here in ? Are you one of the old 
ones?" 


Now obviously, I was  years old and the man knew I wasn’t around in  and that I 
wasn’t one of the old ones. Knowing that he was testing me, I just calmly said, "Yeah, 

I’m with the Hillbillies." 

To exain that, there are about  different clubs within the Bohemian Club. All the 
different club houses and log cabin-style mansions that are built o the cliffs have 
different names and different memberships. The most elite club, according to press 
rerts is Mandaley, with Henry Kissinger and Paul Volcker, former Federal Reserve 
Chairman and other New World Order bosses. 

The Hillbilly Camp is the camp that the Bushes are members of, along with many other 
notables in American industry, banking, media and government. At that  he smiled 
and said, "Well, enjoy the day." He then turned around and walked off. 

After he left I said to Mike, "Look, we’ve got to get to a new sition and hide ourselves 
in the woods." So we traveled back o the gorge, off the cliffside and the observation 
deck. About half-way o the gorge, we noticed that two men in dark suits and 
sunglasses were following us. I decided to slow down. 

The two men ,who were obviously private security, Secret Service or somebody’s private 
body guards, walked up to us and asked us our names. I gave them my fake name and 
Mike gave them his fake name, and we told them that we were members of the Hillbilly 
Club. 

They said, "take it easy, don’t stress yourselves out and enjoy yourselves," which was a 
theme that came up more later. At this , we had been confronted twice and were now 
being followed. I told Mike that we had to get o a heavily pulated area where a lot of 
the Grove members were congregating. 

So we went o several of the clubs and almost had our identities blown. We went in and 
had a few drinks, because everyone was drinking copiously and they were offering us 
wine in some of the clubhouses. We then got back on the road and o a large outdoor 
feasting area, where hundreds of tables were being set from some party or revelry. 

I told Mike we should go up the steep road o the hills where some of the larger 
struures were located. It took us about  minutes to walk up the road o the only hills 
that were accessible by foot. At that  some of the emoyees began to ask us why 
weren’t riding the truck up. We told them that we wanted exercise, at which  they 
started aing pretty suspicious. 


 


We noticed that high up in the hills many of the large log cabin struures were deserted, 
with many large outside decks. So we went o the Web Camp and just made ourselves 
comfortable. (The camps have different names like Lost Boys, Doom, Dragon etc.) We 
simy sat out the next hour, reloaded our hidden cameras and got them back o ace. 

By then, the shadows were getting long and it was just a few minutes until dusk. We 
started to hear bizarre chanting and singing coming from down below us in the gorge. So 
we traveled back o the gorge. On our way back down, we saw thousands of men 
chanting and singing drunkenly beneath the giant redwoods. 

It was like something out of a fantasy novel. I expeed to see a dragon come hopping by 
any moment. There were huge skulls hanging down from the floodlights, satanic-styled 
owls with glowing eyes, (a lot of trappings of death) that we could now see in the twilight 
illuminated by the large floodlights. 

The feasting revelers were beginning to break up and to travel down paths towards the 
lake. We decided to go ahead and mix in with them and go where they were going. They 
were going towards the east side of the bank about  yards across the north tip of the 
lake where the idol and altar stood. 

As we were walking around the lake, the only black man we saw, a very large man, saw 
myself and Mike walking very quickly compared to other members in the crowd (we 
wanted to get a good ace on the east side of the bank to watch the Cremation of Care 
ritual - most of the rumors I had heard were now coming true). 

He said, "trouble yourselves not! Take it easy! The cares of the world are off your 
shoulders! You’re not supsed to walk that fast." He then gave us two full-color 
programs. On the cover of the program, they show Moloch, the big owl, with a burning 
body enflamed beneath it (the program can be viewed at infowars.com). [note to 
publisher: ease insert image: bg/program_scan with the following caption: Program 
Cover from the Bohemian Grove Cremation of Care Ceremony] Also a little demon, with 
the initials PJ was sweeping up someone’s ashes on the lowere left-hand corner of the 
program (which is also on my film, Dark Secrets: Inside Bohemian Grove) [note to 
publisher: ease insert image: bg/program_demon with the following caption: Demon 
“PJ” on Program Cover from the Bohemian Grove Cremation of Care Ceremony], 

Thousands of the men began to gather on the eastern bank, private servants (as opsed 
to the Bohemian Grove emoyees, who all wear red shirts and who weren’t allowed to 
be present for the ritual) began to put out chairs for their elderly emoyers. 

The sun had now sunk behind the hill. It was cometely dark and you couldn’t even see 
the other side of the water. There were bats flying around and a lot of natural fog building 
on the surface of the water (there is a lot of fog in Northern California that time of year). 

Piure this, if Count Dracula lived in North America, he would live in Sonoma County. 
This was soky stuff. The hair on the back of my neck was beginning to stand up at this 
. 


 


Then, out of the woods, all of the sudden came thirty priests in black robes, their faces 
paed up like death, with a man dressed like the Grim Reaper pulling a wagon with a 
bound body. Then we noticed something that we had seen during the day. Large black 
canopies had been unfurled out of the trees on the western side of the bank (we’re on the 
eastern side - only about  yards away at that ) and they unfurled those, and the 
wagon pulled behind it. 

The men then began to yell out, breathing heavily, "burn him again! He’s going to get 
what he deserves! Kill that son of a bitch!” 

Now, I must digress and say that the reason I was able to see the priest in the black robes, 
the priest paed-up like death, and the bound body on the back of the wagon, was 
because they were all carrying torches. The ace was somewhat illuminated by the 
torches being caed by the thirty priests in front and the thirty priests behind the wagon. 

Probably out of the entire ritual that I witnessed, the most imrtant aspe of the 
ceremony was what happened first. The wagon went behind these big black sheets 
hanging out of the trees, down to the ground, obscuring the view, and for about  
minutes nothing happened. 

It was quiet except for the hateful shouts of the old men, who said things like, "Oh yeah! 
Burn that bastard! Kill him! That’s what he deserves!" All we could hear was them 
whispering and smacking their lips. This went on and on. 

Now on the west side of the bank, (we’re were on the east side, about - yards away) 
at the front, about  yards away on the north side, is the idol, sitting in darkness. No 
one was paying attention to that. Everyone was distraed as they stared across the water 
at whatever was happening behind those black curtains with that bound body. 

Whether it was an effigy or real, we do not know. (This is kind of like the Skull and 
Bones ritual that the New York Observer caught on tape. They claim that the video shows 
them slitting the throats of ceremonial effigies.) Is all of this in effigy? We don’t know. 

We were all focused at what was going on across the nd. Suddenly the owl was lit up 
by some flood lights and out ran a hundred priests or so in black, red and green robes. 
Most of them were in black, some in red and a coue in silver or green robes. 

Then, out came the high priest, who went through all his incantations about the dead 
(who is dead at the Grove in the past, may their spirits be conjured and brought back 
there by the "great owl"). He praised the owl for about twenty minutes and he talked 
about "goodly Tyre and Babylon." 

(I know how bizarre this all sounds, just remember that we have all of this on tape in my 
video, Dark Secrets: Inside Bohemian Grove, which has aired nationally in the United 
Kingdom, and might air here in the United States, unless it is suppressed.) 

So, the priest talked about "goodly Tyre and Babylon." Well,, there is only one "great 
owl" of Babylon and "goodly" Tyre. If you read your Bible, or any historical document of 


 


the time, they were burning children in the Babylonian and Caananite kingdoms before 
the owl-god Moloch. 

Suddenly, (again, we had initially been misdireed from the owl by the aivities behind 
the curtains across the bank, then we were paying attention to the owl and the priests on 
the island ) back on the west bank, there was an old-fashioned river-style boat, with that 
grim reaper charaer who had been driving the wagon, and he was ling himself across 
the water with the bound body up on the bow. 

He brought the bound body to the high priest who was waiting for it at the foot of the 
owl, at the bottom of large circular steps on which the owl sits. Then, in very macabre 
fashion, two of the black-clad priests rubbed and caressed the sacrificial body and 
brought it before the owl. 

The body begged for its life, over a speaker system. They refused it mercy. They took it 
up onto the altar. The "great owl" told them to bum the body (which they called "dull 
care,")which looks like a human wrapped up in black cloth. Right above the altar there 
was a large stone lamp that was burning that they call the "eternal flame." The high priest 
took an unlit torch and lit his torch with this flame. 

The body again begged for mercy. The high priest then walked down (with some 
difficulty, because this high priest was so old, he could hardly even walk), and lit the pyre 
on fire. He began to say that he would read the signs in the remains, a deep occult 
tradition. This is not the Hollywood devil with red pajamas - this is the real deal, 

Babylon mystery religion-style. 

The body continued to scream in pain. Suddenly, all of those little metal crosses that we 
had seen along the bank during the day burst o flame. So, I was there witnessing 
something right out of the medieval paer Hieronymus Bosch’s Visions of Hell: burning 
metal crosses, priests in red and black robes with the high priest in a silver robe with a 
red cape, a burning body screaming in pain, a giant stone great-homed owl, world 
leaders, bankers, media and the head of academia engaged in these aivities. It was total 
insanity. 

So the ritual ended and all the old men started breaking up and going back to the big hall 
in the giant redwoods. Myself and Mike high-tailed it out of there, walking at a brisk 
pace. We encountered no resistance when we left. We walked right by guards and were 
out on the main road, Bohemian Avenue. 

It is a lot easier to get out of the Grove than it is to get in, because a lot of these world 
leaders that you read about in the news leave the Grove to go o the small town Monte 
Rio. They go o the bars for prostitutes that are flown in from around the world to 
service them. 

Down the road the British media was waiting to pick us up. They asked us, "Did you get 
it? Did you get it?" 

One of the producers, John Sergeant, said, "You’ve done it Alex! You’ve blown 
Bohemian Grove wide open!" 


 


There is so much more to this story that we don’t have time to get o. I decided to have 
this erview transcribed and put on my website, WWW.INFOWARS.COM . You 
really need to get the film, or at least look at the photos or the stills of the video on 
infowars.com. Look at the program there with the burning body and read the main s tream 
media news stories about the history of the Grove, and you will realize how real all this 
is. 


You need to do this because a week after I got out of the Bohemian Grove, a group called 
the Bohemian Grove Aion Network, (a group that protests the Grove and is against the 
corruption, elitism and how women are denied access, because the Grove is all-male, of 
course), contaed different press outlets. I got ten unsolicited media calls from the west 
coast media. 

I gave them the information, and we put the video clips on the web at infowars.com. 

They all said that the infiltration and what our cameras caught on tape would be a huge 
story. After that, we never heard from them again. 

That shows the were of the Grove. The only aces we have been able to get 
information out about Bohemian Grove has been on talk radio across the country, the 
Internet, and now across the United Kingdom. Hopefully, they’ve broken the ice abroad 
by broadcasting this over UK Channel Four and this true story of Bohemian Grove will 
make it o the mainstream United States media. 

This has really been life changing for me, to go in there and witness this and then have 
some people spin it, like, "oh, if s just fraternity fun." These people were deadly serious. 
This is a story that needs to be told and the establishment is trying to suppress it. Please 
spread this information to every comer of the world. 

Alex Jones 

WWW.INFOWARS.COM 


 


KNOW YOUR ENEMY: THE COMMUNIST MANIFESTO 


Some people think that we’re fighting an ernational communist conspiracy. In 
reality, Communism is merely a bastard child of the New World Order. 
Communism consolidates the people’s wealth o the hands of an all-wereful 
central state, and national sovereignty is then collapsed o the greater hegemony 
of world government. Never the less, it is a vitally imrtant exercise to read the 
Communist Manifesto written by Marx and Engels in . 

In this exercise, examine each of the ten anks and then compare them to the 
current litical climate of the United States - our laws, government struures, and 
the outlook of the American people. It is clear to anyone who has a rudimentary 
understanding of litical systems that the globalists have imemented at least 
eight of the anks in the United States, with the other two partially in ace. We as 
Americans have been coerced and manipulated by the occupational government to 
become praicing communists. This is what the global banking cartels wanted all 
along: to sell the people on accepting feudalism by packaging it as a movement for 
and by the people. 

THE TEN PLANKS OF THE COMMUNIST MANIFESTO 


. Abolition of private property and the apication of all rent to public purse. 

. A heavy progressive or graduated income tax. 

. Abolition of all rights of inheritance. 

. Confiscation of the property of all emigrants and rebels. 

. Centralization of credit in the hands of the State, by means of a national bank 
with state capital and an exclusive monoly. 

. Centralization of the means of communication and transrtation in the hands of 
the State. 


. Extention of faories and instruments of produion owned by the State, the 
bringing o cultivation of waste lands, and the improvement of the soil generally in 
accordance with a common an. 

. Equal liablity of all to labor. Establishment of Industrial armies, especially for 
agriculture. 


 



. Combination of agriculture with manufauring industries; gradual abolition of 
the distinion between town and country by a more equable distribution of the 
pulation over the country. 

. Free education for all children in government schools. Abolition of children's 
faory labor in its present form. Combination of education with industrial 
produion, etc. etc. 


 



KNOW YOUR HERITAGE: THE BILL OF RIGHTS 


Distrustful of a wereful central government, the thirteen original states wanted to 
carve o stone the people’s God-given rights. They did this with the first ten 
articles of the United States Bill of Rights. Contrast the forethought and substance 
of the original Bill of Rights with the snake oil ideology of the ernational bankers 
as contained in their Communist Manifesto. 


The Preamble to The Bill of Rights 

Congress of the United States 

begun and held at the City of New-York, on 

Wednesday the fourth of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine. 

THE Conventions of a number of the States, having at the time of their adopting the 
Constitution, expressed a desire, in order to prevent misconstruion or abuse of its 
weres, that further declaratory and restriive clauses should be added: And as extending 
the ground of public confidence in the Government, will best ensure the beneficent ends 
of its institution. 

RESOLVED by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of 
America, in Congress assembled, two thirds of both Houses concung, that the 
following Articles be prosed to the Legislatures of the several States, as amendments to 
the Constitution of the United States, all, or any of which Articles, when ratified by three 
fourths of the said Legislatures, to be valid to all ents and purses, as part of the said 
Constitution; viz. 

ARTICLES in addition to, and Amendment of the Constitution of the United States of 
America, prosed by Congress, and ratified by the Legislatures of the several States, 
pursuant to the fifth Article of the original Constitution. 

Constitutional Amendments -: The Bill of Rights 

Note: The following text is a transcription of the first  amendments to the Constitution 
in their original form. These amendments were ratified December , , and form 
what is known as the "Bill of Rights." 


Amendment I 

Congress shall make no law respeing an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the 
free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of 
the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of 
grievances. 


 



Amendment II 

A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the 
people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. 


Amendment III 

No Soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house, without the consent of the 
Owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by law. 


Amendment IV 

The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effes, against 
unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but 
un probable cause, suprted by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the 
ace to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized. 


Amendment V 

No person shall be held to answere for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a 
presentment or indiment of a Grand Jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval 
forces, or in the Militia, when in aual service in time of War or public danger; nor shall 
any person be subje for the same offence to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor 
shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be deprived 
of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be 
taken for public use, without just compensation. 


Amendment VI 

In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, 
by an impartial jury of the State and distri wherein the crime shall have been 
committed, which distri shall have been previously ascertained by law, and to be 
informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses 
against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have 
the Assistance of Counsel for his defence. 


Amendment VII 

In suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the 
right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fa tried by a jury, shall be otherwise 
reexamined in any Court of the United States, than according to the rules of the common 
law. 


 



Amendment VIII 


Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imsed, nor cruel and unusual 
punishments inflied. 


Amendment IX 

The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or 
disparage others retained by the people. 


Amendment X 

The weres not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to 
the States, are reserved to the States respeively, or to the people. 


 



THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE 


Think about all the abuses that the government commits against the people, and 
then compare those abuses to those listed in the Declaration of Independence. 

IN CONGRESS, July , . 

The unanimous Declaration of the thirteen united States of America, 

When in the Course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the 
litical bands which have conneed them with another, and to assume among the 
weres of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of 
Nature's God entitle them, a decent respe to the opinions of mankind requires that they 
should declare the causes which impel them to the separation. 

We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are 
endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, 
Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. That to secure these rights, Governments are 
instituted among Men, deriving their just weres from the consent of the governed,  
That whenever any Form of Government becomes destruive of these ends, it is the 
Right of the Peoe to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its 
foundation on such princies and organizing its weres in such form, as to them shall 
seem most likely to effe their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will diate that 
Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and 
accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more dissed to suffer, while 
evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are 
accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the 
same Obje evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Destism, it is their right, it 
is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future 
security. Such has been the patient sufferance of these Colonies; and such is now the 
necessity which constrains them to alter their former Systems of Government. The 
history of the present King of Great Britain is a history of repeated injuries and 
usurpations, all having in dire obje the establishment of an absolute Tyranny over 
these States. To prove this, let Fas be submitted to a candid world. 

He has refused his Assent to Laws, the most wholesome and necessary for the public 
good. 

He has forbidden his Governors to pass Laws of immediate and pressing imrtance, 
unless suspended in their operation till his Assent should be obtained; and when so 
suspended, he has utterly negleed to attend to them. 

He has refused to pass other Laws for the accommodation of large distris of people, 
unless those people would relinquish the right of Representation in the Legislature, a 
right inestimable to them and formidable to tyrants only. 


 



He has called together legislative bodies at aces unusual, uncomfortable, and distant 
from the desitory of their public Records, for the sole purse of fatiguing them o 
comiance with his measures. 

He has dissolved Representative Houses repeatedly, for opsing with manly firmness 
his invasions on the rights of the people. 

He has refused for a long time, after such dissolutions, to cause others to be eleed; 
whereby the Legislative weres, incapable of Annihilation, have returned to the Peoe at 
large for their exercise; the State remaining in the mean time exsed to all the dangers of 
invasion from without, and convulsions within. 

He has endeavoured to prevent the pulation of these States; for that purse 
obstruing the Laws for Naturalization of Foreigners; refusing to pass others to 
encourage their migrations hither, and raising the conditions of new Appropriations of 
Lands. 

He has obstrued the Administration of Justice, by refusing his Assent to Laws for 
establishing Judiciary weres. 

He has made Judges dependent on his Will alone, for the tenure of their offices, and the 
amount and payment of their salaries. 

He has ereed a multitude of New Offices, and sent hither swarms of Officers to harrass 
our people, and eat out their substance. 

He has kept among us, in times of peace, Standing Armies without the Consent of our 
legislatures. 

He has affeed to render the Military independent of and superior to the Civil were. 

He has combined with others to subje us to a jurisdiion foreign to our constitution, 
and unacknowledged by our laws; giving his Assent to their As of pretended 
Legislation: 

For Quartering large bodies of armed troops among us: 

For proteing them, by a mock Trial, from punishment for any Murders which they 
should commit on the Inhabitants of these States: 

For cutting off our Trade with all parts of the world: 

For imsing Taxes on us without our Consent: 

For depriving us in many cases, of the benefits of Trial by Jury: 

For transrting us beyond Seas to be tried for pretended offences 
For abolishing the free System of English Laws in a neighbouring Province, establishing 
therein an Arbitrary government, and enlarging its Boundaries so as to render it at once 
an exame and fit instrument for roducing the same absolute rule o these Colonies: 
For taking away our Charters, abolishing our most valuable Laws, and altering 
fundamentally the Forms of our Governments: 

For suspending our own Legislatures, and declaring themselves invested with were to 
legislate for us in all cases whatsoever. 

He has abdicated Government here, by declaring us out of his Proteion and waging War 
against us. 

He has undered our seas, ravaged our Coasts, burnt our towns, and destroyed the lives 
of our people. 

He is at this time transrting large Armies of foreign Mercenaries to comeat the works 
of death, desolation and tyranny, already begun with circumstances of Cruelty & perfidy 
scarcely paralleled in the most barbarous ages, and totally unworthy the Head of a 


 



civilized nation. 

He has constrained our fellow Citizens taken Captive on the high Seas to bear Arm s 
against their Country, to become the executioners of their friends and Brethren, or to fall 
themselves by their Hands. 

He has excited domestic insurreions amongst us, and has endeavoured to bring on the 
inhabitants of our frontiers, the merciless Indian Savages, whose known rule of warfare, 
is an undistinguished destruion of all ages, sexes and conditions. 

In every stage of these Oppressions We have Petitioned for Redress in the most humble 
terms: Our repeated Petitions have been answered only by repeated injury. A Prince 
whose charaer is thus marked by every a which may define a Tyrant, is unfit to be the 
ruler of a free people. 

Nor have We been wanting in attentions to our Brittish brethren. We have warned them 
from time to time of attempts by their legislature to extend an unwarrantable jurisdiion 
over us. We have reminded them of the circumstances of our emigration and settlement 
here. We have appealed to their native justice and magnanimity, and we have conjured 
them by the ties of our common kindred to disavow these usurpations, which, would 
inevitably errupt our conneions and corresndence. They too have been deaf to the 
voice of justice and of consanguinity. We must, therefore, acquiesce in the necessity, 
which denounces our Separation, and hold them, as we hold the rest of mankind, Enemies 
in War, in Peace Friends. 

We, therefore, the Representatives of the united States of America, in General Congress, 
Assembled, appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for the reitude of our 
entions, do, in the Name, and by Authority of the good Peoe of these Colonies, 
solemnly publish and declare, That these United Colonies are, and of Right ought to be 
Free and Independent States; that they are Absolved from all Allegiance to the British 
Crown, and that all litical conneion between them and the State of Great Britain, is 
and ought to be totally dissolved; and that as Free and Independent States, they have full 
Powere to levy War, conclude Peace, contra Alliances, establish Commerce, and to do 
all other As and Things which Independent States may of right do. And for the suprt 
of this Declaration, with a firm reliance on the proteion of divine Providence, we 
mutually edge to each other our Fives, our Fortunes and our sacred Honor. 


 



DOCUMENTARY FILMS BY ALEX JONES 
: THE ROAD TO TYRANNY (item ) 

The mainstream media is 
whitewashing and lying about 
what really happened on 
September   . This film is 
shaking the foundations of 
Washington, D.C. as the most 
comprehensive and revealing 
documentary film covering what 
really happened on September 
  th and who stands to gain. 

The government needed a crisis 
to convince the people to 
willingly give up their liberty in 
exchange for security. Now the 
painful fas are in. The dark 
forces of global government are 
funding, training and proteing 
terrorist networks worldwide. : The Road to Tyranny documents the ruthless history 
of governments orchestrating terrorist attacks against their own people to scare them o 
total submission. In this brutal exse you will witness the birth of a global lice state 
that surpasses Orwell’s nightmarish visions. It’s all here: the history of government 
snsored terrorism, the modern imementation of fear-based control and, most 
frightening of all, the New World Order’s future ans. This is one film you cannot afford 
to ignore. The future of free people everywhere is at stake. 

i ORDER FORM j 

I (Videos are $. each if bought separately or $. each if you order  or more videos. Please 

 include $. shipping and handling for one tape, $. for two tapes, $. for three tapes, $ for four

‘ to five tapes, $. for six tapes, and $. for seven or more tapes) J 

i Please send me the following videos by Alex Jones. I am enclosing $ 

j us $ S&H for a total of $ ! 

j : The Road to Tyranny Dark Secrets: Inside Bohemian Grove ! 

 Police State II: The Takeover Police State  America: \ 

 Destroyed by Design Comprehensive Annual Financial Rerts Exsed i 


Please send my order to: 

Name: 

Address: 

City/State/Zip: 


Send order to: Alex Jones,  S. Lamar, Suite , Austin, TX  
Order toll-free at -- or online at WWW.INFOWARS.COM 



 





DOCUMENTARY FILMS BY ALEX JONES 


DARK SECRETS: INSIDE BOHEMIAN GROVE (item ) 

The Club at Bohemian grove 
is located inside a , acre 
redwood grove. Known 
members have included 
Nixon, Eisenhowere, Reagan 
and the Bush family. At this 
unholy ace a , year-old 
Caananite cult is being 
revived. Each year at the 
Bohemian Grove, members 
of this all-male ultra-elite 
club don red, black and silver 
robes and condu an occult 
ritual wherein they worship a 
giant stone owl, burning a 
human being “in effigy” as a 
sacrifice to their owl god. 
Now, for the first time in 
history, an outsider has 
infiltrated Bohemian Grove 
with a hidden video camera 
and caught the ritual on tape. That man is Alex Jones and the shocking footage he caught 
on tape is just part of this must-see bombshell film, Dark Secrets: Inside Bohemian 
Grove, (runtime:  minutes) 


ORDER FORM 

(Videos are $. each if bought separately or $. each if you order  or more videos. Please 
include $. shipping and handling for one tape, $. for two tapes, $. for three tapes, $ for four 
to five tapes, $. for six tapes, and $. for seven or more tapes) 

Please send me the following videos by Alex Jones. I am enclosing $ 

us $ S&H for a total of $ 

: The Road to Tyranny Dark Secrets: Inside Bohemian Grove 

Police State II: The Takeover Police State  America: 

Destroyed by Design Comprehensive Annual Financial Rerts Exsed 

Please send my order to: 

Name: 

Address: 

City/State/Zip: 


Send order to: Alex Jones,  S. Lamar, Suite , Austin, TX  
Order toll-free at -- or online at WWW.INFOWARS.COM 



 




DOCUMENTARY FILMS BY ALEX JONES 


POLICE STATE: THE TAKEOVER (Item ) 


Alex Jones exses the 
problem-reaion-solution 
paradigm being used to 
terrorize the American people 
o accepting a highly 
controlled and oppressive 
society. 

From children in public 
schools being trained to turn 
in their peers and parents, to 
the National Guard and Army 
patrolling our country’s 
highways, this film reveals 
the most threatening 
developments of lice state 
control in our age. 



ORDER FORM 

(Videos are $. each if bought separately or $. each if you order  or more videos. Please 
include $. shipping and handling for one tape, $. for two tapes, $. for three tapes, $ for four 
to five tapes, $. for six tapes, and $. for seven or more tapes) 

Please send me the following videos by Alex Jones. I am enclosing $ 

us $ S&H for a total of $ 

: The Road to Tyranny Dark Secrets: Inside Bohemian Grove 

Police State II: The Takeover Police State  America: 

Destroyed by Design Comprehensive Annual Financial Rerts Exsed 


Please send my order to: 

Name: 

Address: 

City/State/Zip: 


Send order to: Alex Jones,  S. Lamar, Suite , Austin, TX  
Order toll-free at -- or online at WWW.INFOWARS.COM 


 




DOCUMENTARY FILMS BY ALEX JONES 


POLICE STATE  (Item ) 



Alex Jones exses the 
growing militarization of 
American law enforcement and 
the growing relationship 
between the military and 
lice. 

Witness our military training 
with foreign troops and 
learning how to control and 
contain civilian pulations in 
Operation: Urban Waor. 
You will see Special Forces 
helicopter attacks on South 
Texas towns, concentration 
camps, broad Unconstitutional 
lice aions, search and 
seizure and more. . . 

(runtime:  minutes) 


ORDER FORM 

(Videos are $. each if bought separately or $. each if you order  or more videos. Please 
include $. shipping and handling for one tape, $. for two tapes, $. for three tapes, $ for four 
to five tapes, $. for six tapes, and $. for seven or more tapes) 

Please send me the following videos by Alex Jones. I am enclosing $ 

us $ S&H for a total of $ 

: The Road to Tyranny Dark Secrets: Inside Bohemian Grove 

Police State II: The Takeover Police State  America: 

Destroyed by Design Comprehensive Annual Financial Rerts Exsed 


Please send my order to: 

Name: 

Address: 

City/State/Zip: 


Send order to: Alex Jones,  S. Lamar, Suite , Austin, TX  
Order toll-free at -- or online at WWW.INFOWARS.COM 


 




DOCUMENTARY FILMS BY ALEX JONES 


AMERICA: DESTROYED BY DESIGN (Item ) 


Find out how the sovereignty 
of the United States is being 
subjugated to global erests. 

Witness as the United Nations 
indorinates honor students 
from across America. Learn 
the truth about the Oklahoma 
City Bombing from 
eyewitnesses, newscasts and 
government documents. 

Watch as Alex Jones is arrested 
while leading a protest of over 
 concerned citizens o the 
driver’s license facility, 
protesting the biometric 
National ID card, which is 
already being imemented. 
This blockbuster film covers 
the United Nations takeover of our national parks and monuments, as well as the UN 
assault on private property and much, much more. . . (runtime:  minutes) 


ORDER FORM 

(Videos are $. each if bought separately or $. each if you order  or more videos. Please 
include $. shipping and handling for one tape, $. for two tapes, $. for three tapes, $ for four 
to five tapes, $. for six tapes, and $. for seven or more tapes) 

Please send me the following videos by Alex Jones. I am enclosing $ 

us $ S&H for a total of $ 

  : The Road to Tyranny Dark Secrets: Inside Bohemian Grove 

Police State II: The Takeover Police State  America: 

Destroyed by Design Comprehensive Annual Financial Rerts Exsed 



Send order to: Alex Jones,  S. Lamar, Suite , Austin, TX  
Order toll-free at -- or online at WWW.INFOWARS.COM 



 




DOCUMENTARY FILMS BY ALEX JONES 


COMPREHENSIVE ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORTS EXPOSED (Item ) 



Alex Jones erviews Walter 
Burien, Commodity Trading 
Advisor (CTA) of  years 
about the biggest game in 
town. There are over , 
Federal and regional 
governmental institutions: 
school distris, water and 
were authorities, county and 
city governments - and they 
own over  percent of the 
stock market. 


This is an absolute must-see 
to pull back the curtain of lies 
on the private takeover of our 
society. This tape also 
includes an erview with 
Joe Banister, former IRS 
Special Agent exsing the fa that the IRS is a colleion agency for the private, run- 
for-profit Federal Reserve. (runtime:  minutes) 


ORDER FORM 

(Videos are $. each if bought separately or $. each if you order  or more videos. Please 
include $. shipping and handling for one tape, $. for two tapes, $. for three tapes, $ for four 
to five tapes, $. for six tapes, and $. for seven or more tapes) 

Please send me the following videos by Alex Jones. I am enclosing $ 

us $ S&H for a total of $ 

 : The Road to Tyranny Dark Secrets: Inside Bohemian Grove 

Police State II: The Takeover Police State  America: 

Destroyed by Design Comprehensive Annual Financial Rerts Exsed 


Please send my order to: 

Name: 

Address: 

City/State/Zip: 


Send order to: Alex Jones,  S. Lamar, Suite , Austin, TX  
Order toll-free at -- or online at WWW.INFOWARS.COM 


 




A MESSAGE FROM ALEX JONES 



ALEX WANTS YOU 
FOR THE 

INFORMATION WAR 


I have been absolutely amazed and 
excited by the incredible resnse I 
have received from people who have 
gotten my latest film, : The Road to 
Tyranny. The new film and my new 
book, : Descent o Tyranny are, 
without a doubt, some of the best tools 
we have to pull back the curtain of lies 
and manipulation being spewed by the 
propaganda systems of the New World 
Order. 

I’m asking everyone who is impressed 
with the new film and this book to 
order additional first generation copies 
and to give and/or resell them to the 
public. By doing this, you will suprt 
those who are fighting for freedom. 

And just as imrtant, by purchasing 
original copies, you will ensure that a 
high-quality book or film gets o the 
people’s hands. 


Freedom lovers all over the world are setting up public and private viewings of my film 
in churches, schools, gun shops, hunting and shooting clubs, veterans’ organizations and 
even local movie theaters in an effort to alert the pulation. After the viewing, many of 
these aivists offer original copies of : The Road to Tyranny purchased from us for 
sale. In a similar way, my book could be offered in these venues, or in local stores or 
bookfairs. You don’t need to do the math to understand the exosive were of 
grassroots aion in the infowar. 

The Republic is in great danger of being cometely overthrown and needs your help 
now. 


 





RESISTANCE IS NOT FUTILE! 

Resistance is not futile in this final battle against the forces of 
globalism. 

it is a necessity that all free peoples sound the alarm in the great 
tradition of Paul Revere. 


BULK PRICING FOR ALEX JONES’ VIDEOS 

Help us get the word out by purchasing original copies of our documentary films and 
distributing them in your community. Our bulk rates are: 

- or more tapes/DVDs: $. each - YOU SAVE $. PER TAPE 
-- tapes/DVDs : $. each - YOU SAVE $. PER TAPE 
-- tapes/DVDs: $. each - YOU SAVE $. PER TAPE 
-- tapes/DVDs: $ each - YOU SAVE $. PER TAPE 
(Shipping and handling to be calculated by order - shipping costs are lowere per capita on 
large orders) 

The only video offered in DVD format is   : The Road to Tyranny 
Order Line: -- 

Mail to: Alex Jones  S. Lamar, Suite  Austin, TX  

NOTE: If ordering by mail, ease call to get shipping charge prior to sending your order 

BULK PRICING FOR ALEX JONES’ BOOK : DESCENT INTO TYRANNY 

- - books $. -YOU SAVE $. PER BOOK 

- - books: $. -YOU SAVE $. PER BOOK 

- - books: $.- YOU SAVE $. PER BOOK 

- - books: $. - YOU SAVE $. PER BOOK 

-  or more books $. - YOU SAVE $ . PER BOOK 

(Shipping and handling to be calculated by order - shipping costs are lowere per capita on 
large orders) 


 



WWW.INFOWARS.COM 


 



