The / Chronicles: Part One, Truth Rising 


// : AM 


Non-contaminated food 
still available 


J. Michael Stevens Group 

eFflSdsDirecLcom 


ENDGAME 

BLUEPRINT FOR GLOBAL ENSLAVEMENT 


Home Alex Jones Radio Show News Seions 


Multimedia 


Shop Advertise 


Conta 



Goto 

The Alex Jones Infowars Store 

for more information 


The / Chronicles: Part One, Truth Rising would not 
have been ssible without the aivism of We Are 
Change NY, LA, Minnesota, truth Calgary, / 
blogger, / Truth, FealGood Foundation, Mark Dice, 
and others. Please visit their websites and suprt them. 


Trailer # 


Trailer # 


Seven years after the attacks of September the Eleventh, a global awakening has taken 
ace, the likes of which the world has never seen. As the corrate-controlled media 
dwindles o extinion, a new breed of journalists and aivists has emerged. 

Join Alex Jones, Luke Rudkowski and others as they set out on a mission determined 
to exse the ruthless global elite, and alert the masses to the truth about /  . 

Strap in and get ready to ride along as criminal overlords David Rockefeller, Zbigniew 
Brzezinski, Bill and Hillary Clon, Alan Greenspan, John McCain, and many others 
are confronted about their lies and manipulation. 


Including erviews with Jesse Ventura, Rosie O'Donnell, George Carlin, Willie 
Nelson and Martin Sheen, this film is unlike anything you have ever seen, the only 
question after viewing it is, will you become part of the Truth Rising. 

The documentary provides an in-depth look at the ight of /  first resnders, many 
afflied with serious health problems from the toxicity of Ground Zero. Truth Rising 
reveals and challenges the astounding arrogance and negligence of the government in 
regard to the heroic efforts of first resnders, lice, and fire-fighters. Truth Rising indis 
the administration of Rudy Giuliani and that of the EPA and Christine Todd Whitman, who 
proclaimed the air in lowere Manhattan was safe to breathe, contrary to numerous 
warnings to the contrary. 

Truth Rising is a 
tool for /  
aivists 

The / Chronicles: Part One, Truth Rising is 
the first extensive documentary on the /  
truth movement. It serves as an ideal 
educational tool for those either uninformed 
about this growing movement or those wanting 
to know more. It is imperative that Truth Rising 
reach as many people as ssible. Please 
purchase a copy of Truth Rising, make copies, 
and give them to your family, friends, and 
strangers on the street. 

From Prison Planet: 

An Alex Jones Film. Coming to the Infowar 
July th,  & online first at Prison 
Planet. tv. 

This film follows the growing momentum of 
/  truth, as people throughout the world take aion against their globalist masters. Shot unlike anything you have 
ever experienced from Alex Jones, cinema verite' style, this masterpiece not only exses the mistreatment of our 
/  heroes, but also shows how a growing number of people around the world are questioning the official version 
of events that day. Featuring erviews with Willie Nelson, Rosie O'Donnell, Jesse Ventura, George Carlin, Martin 
Sheen, as well as confrontations with many litical figures including Bill Clon, David Rockefeller and Arnold 
Schwarzenegger. 







From Infowars 


Truth Rising: An Answere to the Lies of the 
Global Elite: / Chronicles: Part One, Truth 
Rising is a testament to free speech, an 
endangered commodity in st September , 
 America. Alex Jones’ latest documentary 
is a vivid testament standing in comete and 
defiant opsition to former White House press 
secretary Ari Fleischer’s admonishment that 
“nowadays you have to be careful what you 
say and do,” as if the orchestrated events of 
that hoble day have nullified the Constitution 



http://www.infowars.com/truthrising/ 


Page  of  








The / Chronicles: Part One, Truth Rising 


// : AM 


Trailer # 


and the Bill of Rights. In Jones’ latest 
documentary, filmed in cinema-verite style  
an appropriate technique, as the phrase 
translates from the French as “cinema of truth” 
 we witness repeated instances of lice 
insisting the First Amendment is a dead letter 
and citizens no longer have the right to speak 
their minds in public, especially citizens going 
up against the imsed litical orthodoxy and 
Fleischer’s counsel. 



Matt Lepacek of We Are Change and Greater NYC Ron Paul 
Revolutionaries confronts Rudy Giuliani on his foreknowledge of 
the toweres collapsing. 


Fan video 


Click on thumbnail to see larger image 



Truth Rising also reveals that it is not only 
New York City’s militarized lice who believe 
the First Amendment is moribund, but many 
citizens do as well. “You ain’t American,” 
insists one such fine specimen at Ground 
Zero, angry over the ssibility that somebody 
would anually dare contest the official version 
of events and ask questions and demand 
answeres. Others fling mindless and obscene 
epithets and swipe at the camera, as if 
incapable of tolerating, let alone understanding 
and respeing the First Amendment, an 
absolute freedom that occupies a preferred 
sition in the pantheon of our liberties. In 
st-/  America, the exercise of free speech 
is relegated to government mandated “free 
speech zones” and to insist the whole of the 
country is a free speech zone casts one in 
dark suspicion along with the likes Osama and the manufaured enemies of America. 

Ari Fleischer’s warning is particularly injurious 
when it comes to the families of /  viims 
and first resnders, the latter consistently 
ignored, especially by the corrate media. In 
Truth Rising, first resnder and former Iraq 
war vet David Miller, who is now reduced to 
toting around a respirator after his exsure to 
the toxicity of Ground Zero, takes the corrate 
media to task, rightfully charaerizing this 
corrate cabal as “propagandists,” and 
“professional lairs and tools who cannot by any 
stretch of the imagination be considered 
journalists.” Miller, We Are Change, and 
unnumbered and mostly anonymous others 
have stepped forward to fill the imsed void 
of this deorable corrate media silence  a 
deliberate suppression at the hands of their 
elitist taskmasters  with an indefatigable call 

not only for answeres, but a demand that justice be delivered to the viims. 


Manny Badillo, a / viim family member, 
reminds us in Truth Rising that “% of family 
members’ questions were never answered 
during the /  commission rert. What if one 
of our family members were murdered, would 
we be okay with % of their questions never 
being answered during any trial? There still 
has never been a trial for those who have 
died, there still has been nobody held 
accountable.” 

The /  Chronicles demands those who killed 
, innocents, including well over  first 
resnders, be called out and brought to 
justice. It is an effort to bring needed attention 
to the surviving first resnders who are sick 
and dying in alarming numbers. It is an 
urgently needed effort to counter the 
disparaging propaganda of the corrate 
media  in particular but hardly limited to Hearst Corration’s Popular Mechanics and its unscrupulous scheme to 
undermine the movement - a propagandistic media tasked with viciously mischaraerizing and slandering / 
truth aivists as nothing short of crackts and lunatics. Truth Rising is an answere to dismissive accusations. It 
documents a growing movement the corrate media refuses to cover without bias and detraion. 


If you want to resnd to these accusations, 
get / Chronicles: Part One, Truth Rising, 
and make copies, hand them out to your 
family, friends, and strangers on the street. 
Alex Jones, Luke Rudkowski, and many others 
featured in this documentary are patriots and 
heroes, not fruitcakes and traitors, as the 
corrate media insists at the behest of the 
government. Globalists and neocons within the 
government are afraid of the sort of truth so 
effeively presented in the /  Chronicles. 
They are desperate to make sure the people 




Rudkowski confronts John McCain, demands a new / 
investigation. 




http://www.infowars.com/truthrising/ 


Page  of  







The / Chronicles: Part One, Truth Rising 


// : AM 



never know the truth. 

“How dare you” resnd to lies and false 
history and deliver the light of truth to the 
darkness of criminal mendacity, rebuked Bill 
Clon in Truth Rising when confronted by We 
Are Change. How dare you resnd to one of 
the largest and most outrageous lies of 
American history? Clon’s resnse is evidence proof sitive our rulers are afraid of the truth finally finding the 
light of day. In Jones’ film, Rockefeller minion Zbigniew Brzezinski demands truth “sit down and shut up,” but it is too 
late now for that. Truth is on the street. It will not be silenced and /  Chronicles: Part One, Truth Rising will make 
sure it spreads far and wide. 



Bill Clon attempts to make a joke about the "Bohemian Club." 



Mayor Bloomberg's thugs assault We Are Change for daring to 
ask his lordship a few questions. 

Schwarzenegger. 


From Prison Planet 

Seven years after the attacks of September 
the Eleventh, a global awakening has taken 
ace, the likes of which the world has never 
seen. As the corrate-controlled media 
dwindles o extinion, a new breed of 
journalists and aivists has emerged. 

Shot unlike anything you have ever 
experienced from Alex Jones, cinema verite’ 
style, this masterpiece not only exses the 
mistreatment of our /  heroes, but also 
shows how a growing number of people 
around the world are questioning the official 
version of events that day. 

Featuring erviews with Willie Nelson, Rosie 
O’Donnell, Jesse Ventura, George Carlin, 
Martin Sheen, as well as confrontations with 
many litical figures including Bill Clon, 
David Rockefeller and Arnold 


This movie is available now exclusively for Prison Planet.tv members. CLICK HERE TO LOGIN AND ACCESS 
STREAMING & DOWNLOAD OPTIONS! 


Don’t miss out! Click here to subscribe now! 


Press ay to watch this video in flash format now or sele one of the download options below to watch in different 
media formats. Click on the black box in the bottom right-hand corner of the flash ayer to go full screen! Don’t 
have a flash ayer installed on your system? Click here to download Adobe Flash Player cometely free. Mac 
users - click here to download Adobe Flash Player for Macs. 

Download Instruions 

Right-click and ’save target as’ to download to your hard drive. 

Mac users: hold down the CTRL key while clicking the file link. 


Ape Quicktime HiDef Quality 

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD 


Ape Quicktime High Quality 

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD 


Windows Media High Quality 

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD 


Ape Quicktime Medium Quality 


http://www.infowars.com/truthrising/ 


Page  of  



The / Chronicles: Part One, Truth Rising 


// : AM 


CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD 


Same a preview of what Prison Planet.tv subscribers enjoy when they will be the first to see Alex Jones' 
blockbuster new documentary on July th. Members receive a high quality streaming flash version along with 
multie downloads for every advance release Alex Jones movie! CLICK HERE TO SUBSCRIBE TODAY. 

Press ay to watch this video in flash format now or sele one of the download options below to watch in different 
media formats. Click on the black box in the bottom right-hand corner of the flash ayer to go full screen! Don’t 
have a flash ayer installed on your system ? Click here to download Adobe Flash Player cometely free. Mac 
users - click here to download Adobe Flash Player for Macs. 


Download Instruions 

Right-click and ’save target as’ to download to your hard drive. 
Mac users: hold down the CTRL key while clicking the file link. 


Ape Quicktime HiDef Quality 

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD 


Ape Quicktime High Quality 

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD 


Windows Media High Quality 

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD 


Ape Quicktime Medium Quality 

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD 


©  Alex Jones | lnfowars.com is an Free Speech Systems, LLC company. All rights reserved. 


http://www.infowars.com/truthrising/ 


Page  of  


