this man wants 
your guns 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 

[DIALOGUE] TALK TURKEY: ARE YOU A ZOMBIE?  

SY THE #S| THE HEALTH RANGER LOOKS INTO HIS CRYSTAL BAIL  PREDICTIONS  

 HAUICE] WHY OBAMA WANTS YOUR GUNS... AND THE REST OF YOUR FREEDOMS  

CAPTURED BY CARSON  

AT MS HOW G \}\ LT NG AM E R IC ANS WITH CARBON FQOTF H I NT  

TRAVEL ADYiSORYl BEWARE OF TSA CRIME ZONES  

IFEAlUftEj AMEmCAMS SURRENDER DIGNITY FOR SECURITY  

[N W   Y. I SYSTEM ANNGUHC ES PL AH TO USE STO LEN BABY LOO E 

IHOW TO JL  AN EMERGENCY CHECKLIST FOR VDU AND YOUR FAMILY 'DURING A CRISIS  

HOW TO AVOID BUYING CMOS  

(HEALTH | VOTE FR AU Ek WH DESTROYED PROP  UN ELECTI N NIG HT?   

IHEAITN HEALTH ALERT: ASPARTAME CAUSES C AHCE R AN MAKES YO FAT  

WEALTH! WHAT'S REULY IN VACCINES  

POLICE STATE ON THE RISE: MILITARIZED COPS EXPAND IN #S  

{CITIZENS HUIEBOQKI THE FOURTH AMENDMENT. WHERE DDES THE CONSTITUTION SAY THEY CAN DO THAT?  

BID SIS LOANS GOT MILITARY DRONES TO SHERIFFS DEPTS  

WHAT' S THE RUSH ON SOLD SAY ABOUT THE DOLLAR?  

ARTIST PROFILED EAR ONE  

CROSSWORD  





WWW.INFWARS.COM WWW.PRISNPLANET.COM WWW.PRISONPLANET.TV 
WWW.PLANETINFWARS.COM WWW.INFWARSSHP.COM 

WWW.FACEBK.COM/ALEXANDEREMERICKJNES WWW.YDUTUBE.COM/THEALEXJNESCHANNEL WWW.TWITTER.CDM/REALALEXJONES 




PUBLISHER 

EDITOR IN CHIEF 

GRAPHICS 



CONTRIBUTING WRITERS 



CONTRIBUTING ARTIST 
ADVERTISING 



ALEX JONES 
MOLLY MARONEY 
CARTER WATKINS 
MOLLY ROGERS 
INKMOUF 

JUSTIN WHEELER 
ROB REEGER 
MOLLY MARONEY 
KURT NIMMO 
PAUL JOSEPH WATSON 
ALEX JONES 
STEVE WATSON 
ADAN SALAZAR 
RON PAUL 
JON RAPPOPORT 
AARON DYKES 
MELISSA MELTON 
MIKE ADAMS 
DONNA ANDERSON 
JANEE MEADOWS 
MEAR ONE 
WILL JONES 
DEREK EINKAUF 
MATT WILLIAMS 
RUSSELL DOWDEN 




INFOWARS MAGAZINE IS PUBLISHED BY FREE SPEECH SYSTEMS, LLC.  TIMES A YEAR. ALL CONTENT WITHIN THIS MAGAZINE IS COPYRIGHT FREE SPEECH SYSTEMS, LLC. PERMISSION TO REPRINT ORIGINAL INFOWARS ARTICLES IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS GLADLY 
GRANTED, PROVIDED FULL CREDIT IS GIVEN. SOME ARTICLES ARE COPYRIGHTED BY OUR CONTRIBUTING WRITERS, SO CHECK TO SEE IF COPYRIGHT FREE STATUS APPLIES. THE ARTICLES APPEARING WITHIN THIS PUBLICATION REFLECT THE OPINIONS AND ATTITUDES 
OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AUTHORS AND NOT NECESSARILY THOSE OF THE PUBLISHER, ADVERTISERS OR EDITORIAL TEAM. SUBSCRIPTIONS AND BULK ORDERS ARE AVAILABLE ONLINE AT WWW.INFWARSSHP.COM OR THROUGH CUSTOMER SERVICE AT ---. TO 
RECEIVE A FREE ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE MAGAZINE BECOME AN INFOWARS INSIDER BY SIGNING UP AT WWW.INFWARS.COM/NEWSLEHER. FOR GENERAL INFORMATION, ADVERTISING OR EDITORIAL INQUIRIES CONTACT -%-WI OR ADVERTISING@INFWARS.COM. 



ILETTERS TO THE EDITOR! 




WE WOULD LIKE TO INVITE YOU TO WRITE 
A CAPTION FOR THE % WHAT IS OBAMA 
THINKING?' PICTURE ON THE PREVIOUS 
PAGE. WE WILL PICK THE BEST CAPTION 
AND PUBLISH IT IN THE NEXT ISSUE. AS 
ALWAYS PLEASE SEND QUESTIONS AND 
COMMENTS TO LETTERS INFOWARS.COM. 
PLEASE BE SURE TO INCLUDE NAME, 
LOCATION AND CONTACT INFORMATION IN 
YOUR RESPONSE. 



Please tell Alex that the founders 
first created "Associations". Those 
were the meetings and not Tea Parties. 
Please check George Mason's history! ! ! 
PLEASE! Then they wrote "resolutions" in the counties. 
They then sent representatives to a convention to build 
a new government (speaking of Virginia now because 
they did it first) There they dissolved the House of Bur- 
gess's with George Mason's Declaration of Rights which 
lead the way to become Virginia's Bill of Rights inside 
of her constitution,  days later on June , . 
Jefferson had the rough copy from Mason via Richard 
Henry Lee's trip back to Philly What we need to do 
is create "associations for liberty" in each County Town 
and City. They then need to ap representatives to 
a determined state wide convention. This Convention 
should be called a "Bill of Rights Restoration Conven- 
tion." The state can either abolish their parts of govern- 
ment as Virginia has the were to or add that were 
and certainly anything for resetting their conneions 
to the Federal Government. 
Vince Agnelli 
Catlett, Virginia 

Are you a zombie? Do the symbols and logos that de- 
fine your very identity perhaps cause or trigger involun- 
tary resnses of hunger, fear, desire, and hatred? Will 
you soon be attacking those pesky humans who don't 
conform to your hive mentality, who don't eat your tasty 
toxic food, who don't love the television 'programming'? 

If you are not, then take heart my friend, for you are 
the light out of the darkness that has fallen un us. 
You can see it in the masses - an almost indescribable 
sense of despair and in the dull eyes. Epidemic levels 
of obesity, depression, and stupidity are the new norm. 
The human body, mind, and soul is under attack. There 
is a very malignant force at work destroying our very 
existence as a free and healthy people. We can all see 
the symptoms, but finding the cause takes courage. 

For thousands of generations our ancestors had to 
fight, claw, and stay watchful in the night in order to 
survive both natural and manmade dangers to life, lib- 



erty, dignity, and sovereignty. And now we are told we 
are a cancer - a species of virus that must be contained. 
Your history has been erased, your opinions have been 
manufaured, your idols have been created and de- 
stroyed, and your children are being turned against 
you. No amount of prescriptions and sedations will 
make this dystopian nightmare go away, but there is a 
beautifully human solution. 

WAKE UP! 

You are not a zombie! You are not a virus. You are not 
defined by the material items shoved un you. You are 
not defined by your digital status, or your wage-slavery 
or your neat little box you are made to live in. 

You may have been isoned since birth, and lied to 
until you believed it was good for you - but you can 
wake up and rise out of your mental darkness! Stop 
buying what they are selling. Question everything, in- 
cluding history. Turn off the idiot box, use your brain 
again, and live the enlightened and healthy life that so 
many for so long struggled to pass on to you. 

Paul Gray 

Austin, Texas 

EDITOR'S NOTE: Franchising oprtunities will be 
available soon. Inquire for more information about start- 
ing a franchise in your community. 

I have yet to get a subscription to the magazine. I see 
you have given them away on the streets of Austin and 
I'm so damn jealous... I live in Pittsburgh... and this city 
would never have something like that... well unless I do 
it. One thing... I am an avid Alex listener... I love and re- 
spe him... I just would like for once to have a show or 
showcase [talk about] the GOOD things that are hap- 
pening in the cause for freedom: Tenth Amendment 
Center, WeAreChange, you folks and more... I think it 
would be good to see that it is working. 

Paul Sampsell 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 

The statement "Forever blessed is the good man," 
which was used by Logan Patrik Madaras, is iconic of the 
man who believes in the spirit of goodness amongst men 



which redeems. In an all too familiar future, that ideal is 
amongst Logan's greatest visions for all of us. When we 
say these things, it is imrtant to remind ourselves not 
to abandon the refleions of our own selves in others, 
for as Logan put it quite wisely, "The future is in all of 
our hands while the destiny of Earth is in God we trust". 

So often we see eas for help like those in seion of 
the magazine in our community. And so often, while we 
know for sure there are corrupt things in our world, we 
only know these things to ensure our own proteion, and 
as most of us now believe, proteionism is a gateway to 
slavery. This will never be untrue so long as a man or 
woman is a viim to something he or she cannot control. 
I say this because recently, there was an Executive Order 
by the President to allow security partnerships in the de- 
fense of the homeland from the threat of Terrorism. 

I hope all stay safe in the coming days, and that someone 
reading this is rational enough to know that, as a Canadi- 
an, it is imssible for me to be anything but comacent 
in this manner as far as the U.S. security is concerned. I 
only know that, because of that specific damage to the 
American brain, my country will slowly become at risk 
of the same damage, whereas we can all make a differ- 
ence today. 

Matthew 

Canada 

EDITOR'S NOTE: The magazine is available free online 
via email when you sign up at www.infowars.com/news- 
letter. Each viewere has alternative viewing options. How- 
ever the easiest way to ensure you receive the magazine is 
by subscription at www.infowarsshop.com. 

I just wanted to say thank you for the free online is- 
sues of the new Info wars magazine. Regrettably, I find 
it imssible to read online and it just results in frustra- 
tion when I attempt reading it on line. I would love to 
have the paper copy but the price is just too costly for 
me. Is there any ssible way that the online magazine 
could be formatted as a newsletter or in PDA format? I 
would love to be able to read the new magazine. 

Catherine Stevens 

Freert, Illinois 



PRISONPLANET.COM 



CAPTION CONTEST 
RESULTS 






j.i r^ 

r - -,a .n -- 




"Zappascan" 

Luc^ tarry 



Tor>sumeh„ 
Obey!.,. 
ConsumeL. 
ObeyU' 

Kind of a minima I istte approach. 
Chris Schaper 
Stuttgart, Germany 



To error is human, do 
not let others tell you 
how to be* 

What rm hoping to convey 
with this is we are fallible by 
nature but it is truly up to us 
to prove we do not need to 
be tofd how to be a better 
human being on this anet 
by the perverse mass media. 

Randy Geltman 
San Antonio, Texas 



Revolving Rhetoric Robots- 
Wake Up! You are free to be a 
Refugee! H 

Susan 



POCKET 
SOCKET 



EASY TO USE 



The Pocket Socket 

features a large sturdy 

crank arm with an easy- 
to-grip knob that makes 
generating elericity a 
breeze. It can be used 
left or right-handed and 
cranked clockwise or 
cou nte re loc kwi se. 




THE ONLY HAND POWERED GENERATOR THAT CHARGES UNIVERSAL HAND CRANK GENERATOR 

The Pocket Socket battery 
charger provides universal 
compatibility by using the 
same style elerical socket 
found in every American 
home. It can easily be 
adapted to the European 
two pin standard. This means 
the hand crank will charge 
any rechargeable device that 
consumes I e  than  watts 
of elericity. 




AND A WIDE RANGE OF DEVICES. 




The Trends Journal 

THE TRENDS RESEARCH INSTITUTE  FORECASTING WORLDWIDE SINCE  



OTDSJfgMRL 



hich Businesses Will Thrive? 
Which Wiil Dive? 
Will There be a Wlr? 
What Else is in Store? 



Forecasting worldwide since  
NO ONE has been so right, on so many 
issues, so often! Gerald Celente's track 
record speaks for itself. There is nothing 
in the world like the Trends Journal. 
See what subscribers are saying. 




TYim 



HISTORY BEFORE IT HAPPENS 








Celente coined the term 

"clean foods  in  and 

predied sustained growth 

in organic produs in - 

When gold was at $ per 

ounce in , Celente said 

the price had bottomed and 

in  forecast the 

beginning of the "Gold Bull 

Run*  Since that time, with 

pin accuracy, he said 

when r why - and how high - 

gold would go. 




 



CALL .. 



P.O. BOX  KINGSTON, NY  



written by MIKE ADAMS 



DECEMBER ST  

THE "MAYAN CALENDAR" DAY 

WILL BE A BUST 
A WAVE OF 

CRIME 

SEIZES AMERICA 

MASSIVE 

GOVERNMENT CRACKDOWNS ON 

THE FREE SPEECH OF ANYONE ADVOCA TING 

LIBERTY 





Following the mass layoffs and slashing of emoyee 
hours, the nation will begin to see yet more families and 
individuals in a state of economic desperation. 

This will inevitably lead to more crime as people 
turn to theft to try to make ends meet. Watch for more 
copper thefts as well as more emboldened hit-and-run 
crime taics (such as motorcycles being driven through 
shopping malls, smashing jewelry store cases and 
making off with the loot) . 

Watch for free speech to be increasingly called "hate 
speech" when it criticizes the government or advocates 
liberty. Watch for renewed efforts to censor ernet sites 
that advocate liberty and freedom. You may see Google 
removing such sites from its search engine. YouTube 
will get even more aggressive at banning videos that 
teach liberty and the mainstream media will continue 
to und propaganda o the minds of the mainstream 
zombies, teaching them that people who believe in 
liberty are somehow "terrorists." 



Nothing special will happen on this day other 
than lots of people meditating globally, which is, in 
a way, a special thing all by itself. But the universe 
isn't coming to an end. 

The day after the non-event, watch for the 
mainstream media to blame "doomsday websites" 
for claiming doomsday was going to occur. In truth, 
most alternative websites are claiming nothing 
much will happen on that day. 



I predi you will see more vehicles smashing 
through the front doors of retail stores, more home 
burglaries and more muggings, especially in high- 
pulation cities where Obama's economic licies 
have the most devastating impa. Right now, 
Detroit is already a "war zone" where lice warn 
visitors not to enter the city, and Chicago will soon 
join the ranks of cities where gangs run rampant, 
outnumbering lice by a wide margin. 

In fa, the next four years will be a tumultuous 
time for the free speech of those who criticize 
government and Obama. At the same time, the 
"free speech" of those who threaten conservatives 
with violence will be cometely tolerated, if 
not encouraged. The rhetoric of violence is just a 
preview of what's coming in the physical realm. 

The NDAA, of course, gives Obama the "right" to 
pursue precisely those aions: No judge, no jury and 
not even a warrant required! 



JUST LIKE HE DID LAST YEAR 

OBAMA WILL OSE NEW YEAR'S EVE (OR POSSIBLY CHRISTMAS EVE) 

TO SIGN ANOTHER POLICE STATE 

EXECUTIVE ORDER 



Last year, Obama signed the National Defense 
Authorization A (NDAA) executive order on 
New Year's Eve, cleverly burying news of the event 
underneath New Year's celebrations nationwide. 

The NDAA gutted the Bill of Rights and turned 
America o a bonafide lice state, with no due 
process, no Fifth Amendment, and no Bill of Rights. It 
authorized secret arrests, secret kill lists of American 



citizens, and endless secret prison detainment without 
ever being charged with a crime, among other things. It 
signified the comete destruion of the Bill of Rights, 
and Obama signed it in secret. 

This year, he'll use a similar holiday cover to sign some 
other devastating executive order that, for exame, 
criminalizes criticism of the government (or something 
else similarly ridiculous). 



THETSAWL 
MASSIVE H 

AND EXPANSION INTO 




L ENGAGE 
RING SPREE 

THE STREETS,RUNNING 

ROADSIDE CHECKPOINTS 






 



Pedophiles unite! Buoyed by the Obama surge, the 
TSA will ramp up its hiring and begin building a literal 
army of pedophiles, thieves and psychopaths which 
will soon begin to appear across the USA running 
roadside checks. 

I also predi that the vast majority of Americans are 

now so brainwashed o a slave mentality that they will 

;ladly agree to TSA body cavity searches on the side of 



// 



INFOWARS.COM 



the road in the name of "proteing us from terrorism." 
This isn't mere conjeure. A new survey reveals 
that roughly one third of Americans have already 
surrendered their dignity to a slave-inducing lice 
state, and many would anually smile in the name of 
"security" while they are being medically raped by the 
TSA in the name of a cometely fabricated "war on 
terror" stolen straight out of the novel . 




The U.S. government won't be allowed to go bankrupt just 
yet. Although it has run out of money yet again under the 
insane debt spending blowout of Obama, the debt ceiling will 
be raised yet again, and the Fed will pr new money to keep 
buying up U.S. debt. 

The long-term effe of this comunding debt spiral is, 
of course, financial suicide, but that doesn't seem to occur 
to today's zombified voters who are really only concerned 
with how many handouts they can get right NOW! 



This is not a sure thing, but chances are that Fukushima's 
remaining struure will suffer a partial or total collapse within 
the next year, causing an unprecedented release of radiation 
that will reach U.S. shores. 

This could happen at any moment, technically, thanks to 
another earthquake or tsunami. Even a typhoon could cause 
sufficient damage to tope a large fuel containment ol. 
For some inexicable reason, nuclear fuel ols are stored 
above ground in the Fukushima facility, making them highly 
susceptible to environmental damage. 




BEFORE JANUARY ,   

ANOTHER HUGE FIAT MONEY CREATION SCHEME WILL BE INITIATED 

BY THE FED 

TO PREVENT A U.S. BANKRUPTCY 



ANOTHER RADIOLOGICAL 

SCARE WILL ERUPT 

AS FUKUSHIMA'S FUEL POLLS SUFFER CONTINUED 

STRUCTURAL FAILURE 



The droughts of  will be felt via sticker shock at the 
grocery stores beginning in the first quarter of . Watch 
for not just price increases on most produs made with wheat 
and corn, but also shrinking food package volumes so that 
manufaurers deliver less food in a similar-looking package. 

Manufaurers will "downsize" their packages, in other 
words, while keeping prices the same. This is another way 
food inflation hits home. 



As Obamacare kicks in ( and ), emoyers will do three things to 
avoid going bankrupt under the financial oppression of socialized health care: 

. FIRE more workers to reduce overall business size. 

. REDUCE workers' hours to below the government mandated threshold for 
health care. 

. OFFSHORE more jobs to other countries. 

The net effe of this will be, prediably, millions more Americans out of work 
or working two or three low-paying jobs, none of which anually provide them the 
health care they were promised by Obama. 




MASS 

WILL STRIKE 



VE FOOD INFLATION 



HE USA BEGINNING 



FEBRUARY OR MARCH 



N 



A WAVE OF ONEMPLOYMENT 

WILL GUT AMERICA'S ECONOMY AS 

OBAMACARE 

CAUSES EMPLOYERS TO FIRE WORKERS EN MASSE 



Under Obama, food stamps and unemoyment claims have already 
experienced alarmingly worsening numbers. Watch for things to get even 
worse as more Americans thrown out of work by the failed economic licies 
of the Obama administration sign up for free food and paycheck entitlements 
from the government. 

This is part of the an, of course: Gut the economy and make the pulation 
entirely dependent on government. From there, it's a slam-dunk to get eleed 
as a socialist or even a communist, and the U.S. economy begins to take on 
the look of a nation like Venezuela or Argentina. 




This is all the prelude to the coming "Cultural Revolution" in America, 
where the litical left will soon call for the mass culling of all 
survivalists, independent farmers, and anyone who follows a lifestyle 
of self-reliance. Individuality will be seen as a threat to the leftist 
colleive, and those who do now bow down to the were of the lice 
state will not only be arrested and terminated; the mainstream media 



PRISONPLANET.COM 



THE EXPANSION 

OF THE WELFARE STATE WILL KICK INTO HIGH GEAR 
WITH EXPLOSIVE GROWTH IN FOOD STAMPS AND 

UNEMPLOYMENT 



will CHEER the entire process through hate propaganda disguised as 
"proteing America from terrorism." 

To help pull this off, a false flag event will almost certainly be staged 
that depis some haess gun owner as a crazy person who ses a 
threat to society. Watch for another Colorado-style mass shooting, or the 
bombing of a government building followed by the immediate blaming 
of a convenient patsy. All the usual suspes on talk radio will also 

 



be blamed for it: Alex Jones, Rush Limbaugh, 
Michael Savage and so on. 



There is little question now that those who believe in 



IZ.flD.ZD 

MM GUADaiUPHr 



FREE 

BUMPtt StKKEJ! IE 

WITH $Q PURCHASE O 

[OR MORE] |_ 

in 

TAHGlf ^ 

TANGtflfNt  

SUPPLIER! SS 




SPREAD 

TRUTH 
THIS 

mum 





the real America are sooner or later going to have to 
take a stand against the Obammunism agenda and 
the endless hoards of "useless eaters" who now only 
exist to feed off the government (while confiscating 
as much wealth from the producers as ssible). 
How and when this anually happens is anybody's 
guess, but it will likely take many years to 
cometely unfold. 

I've always advocated non-violent revolutions via 
the ballot box, but at this  it's obvious that 
those who suck the economy dry through never- 
ending handouts are now the voting majority. They 
now outnumber the innovators, the entrepreneurs 
and the produive citizens of society. From here, it's 
only a downward spiral as citizens repeatedly vote 
themselves more and more handouts until the entire 
system collapses in both financial and cultural ruin. 
As Ron Paul recently said, "America is far gone." 

"We're over the cliff," Ron Paul recently said on 
Bloomberg Television. "Peoe do not want anything 
cut. They want all the bailouts to come. They want 
the Fed to keep pring the money. And they don't 
believe that we've gone off the cliff or are close to 
going off the cliff. They think we can patch it over, 
that we can somehow come up with some magic 
solution. But you can't have a budgetary solution 
if you don't change what the role of government 
should be. As long as you think we have to lice 
the world and run this welfare state, all we are 
going to argue about is who will get the loot." 



Preventing the total economic destruion of 
America will now require a Ron Paul Revolution, 
where tens of millions of Americans march 
in the streets and demand an end to out-of- 
control government and all its evils. Yet, the 
U.S. government has designated the very a of 
marching in the streets as an "a of terrorism," so 
these protests would almost immediately escalate 
o a shooting war. 

We are nowhere near the  where the 
pulation at large is awake enough to engage in 
such aions, by the way. Things are going to get 
much worse before they get better. 

The next four years are going to be like watching 
an economic train wreck in super-slow motion, 
augmented by bursts of lice state aivity, 
censorship clamp-downs and of course increased 
government confiscation of everything you own: 
Land, money and even formerly private companies. 
Today, we are living in an occupied nation, where 
the vast majority of those who claim to be running 
the country are, in reality, enemies of the state. They 
are dismantling, day by day, America's economy, 
America's workforce, America's industries and even 
American pride. What will be left in four more 
years will be nothing but a shadow of the great 
America we once knew. 

Mike Adams is a natural health award-winning 
journalist and the editor ofwww.naturalnews.com. 




AC „Ge\eitc 
Mi; Roulette 





Save when you purchase together these three in- 
formative DVDs about the dangers of GMO. Learn 
the serious threats that genetically engineered 
foods se to your health and how corrations 
like Monsanto hide the evidence. DVDS include: 
Genetic Roulette: The Gamble of Our Lives , Sci- 
entists Under Attack, and The World According to 
Monsanto. Learn the truth about your food today. 



UNITED STATES 

IS THE GLOBAL 

LEADER IN GMO CROPS. 



LEARN HOW 

BIOTECH INDUSTRIES 

RULES OVER CORRUPT GOVERNMENT 
BUREAUCRATS AND POLITICIANS 



Almost all GM crops belong to four companies: 
MONSANTO | DUPONT | SYNGETA | BAYER 



INFOWARSSHOP.COM 




The Updated Comete GMO Colleion contains 

B DVDs.  books and two audio CDs that provide a 
definitive guide to the dangers that GMO produs 
se to the food supy, public health and the en- 
vironment- it also exses how large agribusiness 
lies end manipulates the system so that they can 
profit from these dangerous and untested fran- 
kenfoods. These produs would normally retail 
for over $ but buy them all together and save- 



Looking for th© itest Raw Whty Protein Powdor on fh# Markof? 

We discovered nearly every whey protein wder is heated. Heat damages proteins, rendering them 
useless, even harmful to your body. Don't waste another dollar on inferior whey protein. Learn exaly 
what you should look for & avoid when searching for a superior whey protein wder. Discover which 
one proves to be the purest & most wereful, consistently standing above the rest in quality & taste. 



Look for Cold-Processed, Not Cold-Filtered 

Once protein has been subjeed to any amount of heat for any 
period of time, it becomes denatured, or damaged. Denaturing 
destroys the proteins' effeiveness at suprting the immune 
system and significantly weakens all body-building properties. 

Don't be fooled by the term "cold-filtered." Cold-filtering is 
NOT the same as cold-processing. Some brands rapidly cool 
down the liquid whey after pasteurization to diminish the 
amount of damage or denaturing done to the proteins. They call 
this step "cold-filtering." Cold-filtered protein wders have 
still been significantly damaged. Until recently it was 
imssible to find a whey protein wder that had not been 
subjeed to heat at some  during processing. 

One World Whey` Protein Powder is the first, % 
UNHEATED, cold-temperature processed, cometely all- 
natural, unrefined, and grass-pasture raised milk-whey protein 
wder. Regardless of the claims, no other protein wder 
on the market is truly unheated from start to finish. One 
World Whey` is produced using the patented TruCool` 
process, which is the world's first all-natural, cold-formulation 
process for maximum nutrient retention. This unique 
microbial-safe process produces the highest level of naturally 
occung, cell-regenerating, lean muscle-developing and 
immune system-enhancing, bioaive whey protein. 

This is not the same old heat-refined whey protein that 
virtually all other protein wder manufaurers sell to 
unsuspeing consumers. Unlike other ordinary protein 
supements taken to meet daily nutritional needs or build 
muscle, One World Whey` is a full -sperum, all-natural, 
nutritional POWER FOOD providing overall life-enhancing 
benefits. 

Pure, Natural, Raw Whey from Grass Pasture Milk 

The superior whey in One World Whey` is obtained from the 
milk of cows on Amish farms, where they graze on chemical- 
free grass. No pesticides or herbicides are ever used. The 
cows are humanely treated. No hormones, steroids, or 
antibiotics are ever administered. From this pure milk, raw 
whey protein is obtained to create an unrivaled protein 
supement. 

One World Whey` provides an amazing  grams of 
superior protein in every serving. It is produced using only 
the purest, most natural ingredients. No artificial ingredients 
are ever used. Unheated stevia is used as a natural sweetener to 
create an unbelievable taste without a single gram of sugar. 

High Cysteine Levels Boosts Master Antioxidant 

One World Whey` makes it ssible for your body to 
significantly increase its produion of glutathione. This protein 
wder's superior whey contains high levels of the amino 
acid cysteine. Cysteine is the rate limiting amino acid that is 



needed to create glutathione. Cysteine combines with richly 
available amino acids, glycine and glutamate inside the body's 
cells to produce glutathione. Glutathione is considered to be 
the body's master antioxidant. It is essential to the immune 
system and liver for the detoxification of heavy metals and 
other toxins. Glutathione anually binds to heavy metals inside 
cells and elsewhere and then caes them out of the body. 

Amazing Health Benefits of One World Whey` 
^ Detoxifies Heavy Metals & Toxins 
S Boosts Master Antioxidant Levels 
S Anti-Aging Properties 
S Sharpens Brain Funion 
S Reduces Body Fat 

Increases Lean Muscle 

Boosts Energy Levels 

Enhances Athletic Abilities 

Speeds Exercise Recovery 



S 
S 
S 

V 



S Suprts Optimal Blood Sugar Levels 




"It Aually Made Me Feel Better. 
It's By Far the Best I've Ever Tried!" 

"During the past  years, I've tried a half-dozen or so whey 
protein produs. One World Whey` is the first one in which I 
noticed a discernible difference. It not only tastes better than 
any other vanilla whey I've used, but it anually made me feel 
better. This difference became even more dramatic when I ran 
out and had to substitute another pular whey protein 
produ. Most people know how beneficial whey protein 
wder is. More people need to know is how much more 
beneficial One World Whey` is. It's by far the best I've ever 
tried. I will never let myself run out of it again. " -Rich Maender 

You Won't Find One World Whey` Just Anywhere 

One World Whey` Protein Powder is available through 
Synergistic Nutrition in one and five und containers. Choose 
from three delicious, all-natural flavors: vanilla, strawberry, or 
chocolate. Even children love the taste! Call ()- 
or go to www.sgn.com to receive a Limited-Time Offer 
Discount on One World Whey` Protein Powder. 




WHY 



m p^ Mil written by ALEX JONES 

I RAMAts your 

^a \J Mm  m m and the rest of y 



SECOND AMENDMENT IN THE CROSSHAIRS 





"PR)] 



AT WE NEED TO DO IS CHANGE THE WAY IN WHICH 
PLE THINK ABOUT GUNS, ESPECIALLY YOUNG 

PEOPLE....WE HAVE TO BE REPETITIVE ABOUTTHIS.... 

WE NEED TO DO THIS EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK, AND JUST 

REALLY BRAINWASH PEOPLE INTO THINKING ABOUT 

GUNS IN A VASTLY DIFFERENT WAY." 



attorney general ERIC HOLDER 



Gun control advocate Sarah Brady's infa- 
mous vow to "get rid of all the guns" 
has never been more prescient, as we 
enter a second term of the Obama 
administration -  months after 
Obama assured Brady during a White 
House meeting that gun control was 
"very much on his agenda." 

Gun sales surged before the eleion, and panic 
buying continues to proliferate, with stocks of gun 
manufaurers like Ruger and Smith & Wesson going 
parabolic, as Americans prepare for an all out assault 
on the Second Amendment. 

Obama himself publicly signaled his ention to 
reroduce the assault weans ban during the 
second presidential debate. 

"What I'm trying to do is to get a broader conver- 
sation about how do we reduce the violence general- 
ly," Obama said during the debate at Hofstra Univer- 
sity. "Part of it is seeing if we can get an assault 
weans ban reroduced." 

Obama's anti-gun record clearly suggests he will 
use his lame duck term as a tool with which to evis- 
cerate the Second Amendment. 

As an Illinois state senator, Obama attempted to limit 
sales of handguns to one per month and even voted 
against a bill that proteed firearms manufaurers 
from lawsuits over misuse of their produs by others. 
Obama has consistently suprted the assault weans 
ban and even ridiculed gun owners during an April  
speech when he said small town people "cling to guns" 
to express their frustration. 

Obama's March  meeting with Brady, during 
which he assured her that he was working "under the 
radar" to assault gun rights just months before the Fast 
and Furious scandal broke clearly indicates that Ameri- 
cans may "cling to guns" for a very salient reason - the 



 



fear that an Obama administration with nothing to lose 
is set to take a huge bite out of the Second Amendment. 

Gun rights are already being whittled away through 
regulatory procedures that operate outside of the law, 
with the ATF last year issuing a letter ordering firearms 
dealers in border states to rert sales of two or more 
semi-automatic rifles, and following it up by harassing 
gun owners with imidating home visits as well as 
threatening gun dealers to spy on their customers. 

The ATF's regulatory backdoor assault on gun rights 
is also opening the door for shotguns to be banned 
under the justification that they can hold more than 
two rounds, a move Dudley Brown, executive direor 
of Rocky Mountain Gun Owners, said "will be the most 
dangerous erpretation of the  Gun Control A 
ever envisioned and will outlaw thousands of perfely 
legitimate home defense shotguns." 

Americans who buy a few boxes of ammunition are 
also being treated as suspicious individuals and ques- 
tioned by lice. 

Senator Dianne Feinstein D-CA has already 
resolved to push a new piece of anti-gun legisla- 
tion that would, "Ban pistol grips and high-capacity 
magazines, eliminate any grandfathering and ban 
sales of weans in ssession." 

The fa that Barack Obama has occasionally prom- 
ised not to target the Second Amendment is cometely 
meaningless. Indeed, if you look at all the other liberties 
his administration has savaged, the assurance that he 
won't dismantle gun rights should almost be taken as a 
threat that he will. 

 As part of his  campaign edge, Obama 
promised to close down Guantanamo Bay. The Obama 
administration not only failed to close the infamous 
prison camp, they expanded its use. 

 Last year (after campaigning to prote Habeas 
Corpus before he was eleed), Obama promised not 

INFWARS.COM 




MOST FOOLISH 
STAKE WE COULD 
POSSIBLY MAKE WOULD 
BETALLWTHE 
SUBJECTED PEOPLE TO 
CARRY ARMS. HISTORY 
SHOWS THAT ALL 
CONQUERORS WHO 
HAVE ALLOWED THEIR 
SUBJECTED PEOPLES 
TO CARRY ARMS HAVE 
PREPARED THEIR OWN 
DOWNFALL BY SO 
DOING." 

edi of march ,  

ADOLPH HITLER 






to sign the National Defense Authorization A, with 
its provisions for the indefinite detention of American 
citizens, yet put his signature on the bill in the dead 
of night on New Year's Eve. Indeed, it was the Obama 
administration itself that argued for the removal of 
language that would have proteed Americans from the 
provisions and then had them reinstituted after a court 
had struck them down. 

 AS PART OF HIS CAMPAIGN 
PITCH, OBAMA PROMISED 
TO "NOT USE SIGNING 
STATEMENTS AS A WAY OF 
DOING AN END RUN AROUND 
CONGRESS." OBAMA HAS 
ISSUED NO LESS THAN  
SIGNING STATEMENTS SINCE 
HE TOOK OFFICE. 

 In , Obama promised "no more illegal wiretap- 
ping of American citizens." Just months after he took 
office, Obama expanded Bush's warrantless wiretap- 
ping program. The invasiveness of illegal wiretapping is 
worse under Obama than it was under Bush. 



THE HISTORY OF GUN 
CONTROL IS THE 
HISTORY OF TYRANNY 



The history of gun control tells us that state seizure 
of firearms is habitually used as a precursor to imse a 
were monoly of the state. 

Right back to Roman times, the lowere orders were 
disarmed of all their weans in a bid to suffocate 
the litical were of the people and limit their 
ability to voice grievances. 



Japanese waor Toyotomi Hideyoshi was candid 
in exaining why the pulation of that country 
was disarmed in what came to be known as the 
Great Sword Hunt in  when he decreed: "The 
ssession of unnecessary imements [of war] 
makes difficult the colleion of taxes and dues, 
and tends to foment uprisings." 

Communist mastermind Chairman Mao echoed a 
similar sentiment when he stated, "Political were 
grows out of the barrel of a gun." 

Fast forward  years, and some of the first gun 
control laws in the embryonic United States were 
against black people, to ensure they remained slaves. 
Blacks were prohibited "to keep or carry any firelock of 
any kind, any military wean, or any wder or lead." 

Adolf Hitler was also abundantly aware of the fa 
that the one thing standing in the way of a repres- 
sive diatorship is an armed pulation. In  the 
Nazis banned Jews "from acquiring, ssessing, and 
carrying firearms and ammunition, as well as trun- 
cheons or stabbing weans." 

In the st century, the primary vanguard of gun 
control has been elevated to the ernational level. 
Hours after Obama's re-eleion viory, his adminis- 
tration joined with  other governments to renew 
suprt for the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty, a 
process that critics have warned will set the stage for 
Americans to have their gun rights voted out of exis- 
tence by the global body with no involvement from the 
U.S. Congress or Senate. 

Whether Obama chooses to charaerize his second 
term by declaring war on the Second Amendment 
remains to be seen, but it's almost inevitable given that 
virtually every one of Obama's promises before his  
eleion success has been broken, we will once again 
witness the lurching advance of big government over 
the next four years as cherished rights are chewed up 
and spat out with wanton disregard for the Constitu- 
tional foundation of the country. 




 fE MUST GET 
RID OF ALL THE 
GUNS." 



sarah BRADY 



PRISNPLANET.COM 



 



KJfli'J 



H 



WHYlN THE WORLD 
ARE THEY SPRAYING? 



warsshop.com 



S * rifl 




^K& 




because it's the 



cunts. 



visit infowarsshop.com today 

Preparedness Produs  Health & wellness  DVD?Boob * Infowars Gear 

and so much mare.„ 




 



purchase the film at infowarsshop.com 




AQgJAPODKIT 

Emergency water Storage 



 



Place liner In tut with liner neck 
sitioned near tub sut, Secure 
the liner neck to the tub sut with 
one of me enclosed tie clamps. 



 



The tub liner can be filled to 
within a coue of inches of 
Ihelubstoprim. DO NOT 

OVERFILL 





Poll and fold liner over top part 
ol inner sleeve as shown. 



 



 W 



 




Push outer sleeve over the 
liner that is wrapped over the 
inner sleeve. 




 



^ 



Insert the pump siphon tube Into 
the sleeve cap. 





f^ 



 



Snap pump siphon lube Into 

sleeve cap so It fits evenly and 
tight. Make sure that the sleeve 



cap is on securely. 




, 



 



To dispense the stored water, remove corfc and ace the discharge lube 
o a container. Turn top knob to the on sition. Begin pumping the 
water by squeezing ttie pump bulb. Place corfc in discharge lube to store 
for next usage. 



NFCWRS SHOP` 

OR CALl .. 




. 



W&& 



£$& 



-v;- 



I - f 



tXt 






i 



*-'? 



  nl 






SUBSCRIPTION 



^ 







:*' 



ai 



a? 



 - 



t /  ISSUES DELIVERED STRAIGHT TO YOUR DOOR 
l  ORDER YOUR ONE YEAR SUBSCRIPTION FOR JUST 



fe 




i 









PURCHASE ONE MAGAZINE PER MONTH 

FOR $. WITH NO OBLIGATION. 

WWW.INFQWARSSHOP.COM  .. 




*: 



 z.^ <*& 



w?®&w 



r m 




^m 













 W. 



 *^U * ' 





How FakeTV makes a break-in less lik&fy 



FakeTV is a small eleronic device that makes 
same sort of light as a television, Viewed from 
outside after dusk, it looks like someone must be 
home watching TV, But most burglars avoid 
houses that they think are occupied. One in 
every  homes will get broken o this year- 
don't be one of them. Order a FakeTV today. 



$. 



Toll Free: -- FAKETV 



Fakel 






STED  CDFF 



 Nfi* 



iawv 










TIE RUTRMAYflN HHY 



m 



ruth mn pays h per psuno social fee in crsh 

TD CQOPERRTIIIEB TD BE USED TOWARDS PROJECTS 
OF THEIR CHDDSING 

-FAMILY BUJNED COOPERATIVES COFFEE 

SHRBE GROWII-RLTURH {HIGH ALTITUDE} 

NO POKERS DR MIDDLE MEN BETWEEN RUTH MATH 
HND THE FARMERS 

RDBSTED IN AUSTIN IN OUR ORGHNIC CERTIFIES NEW 
RDHSTING FHCILITY 

-RUTH MRYR QHGHNIC DECAF. SUUISE WATER PROCESS 
AVAILABLE NDUU 




:&m 



/ 



V 



* wi^ ,,A,fc, "*" , *S^wKE* 

^ * - "-.>" i -^\- , .. , . , . , . , L'.'.-. r .-.-. .'.-. 



M 



..a&KKKK: 




WHY OBAMA WILL REVIVE THE PUSH FOR 
C TAXES, AND THE "GREEN" AGENDA 
IS ABOUT CONTROL AND PROFITS, NOT 
SAVING THE ENVIRONMENT 



Barack Obama's campaign for the presidency 
leading up to the  vote centered, in part, 
around his image as an environmentalist 
who would bring "green" energy solutions to 
America. The  campaign, on the other hand, was 
far more reserved in advertising these licies. 

Fierce battles in Congress over cap and trade, the 
science of global warming and those who stand to profit 
from carbon tax schemes drove the agenda underground 
midway through Obama's first term, but that doesn't 



mean it has gone away. 

Obama now stands ised to rule by regulations, to 
tax and control by a thousand cuts. 

Indeed, the day after Obama was re-eleed, mega- 
banks announced that the administration was 
considering reroducing a carbon tax, promising the 
environmental scheme could provide revenue that could 
help pay down the U.S. deficit. Never mind that the tax 
is really about control, and the money would be mostly 
funneled through banks profiting off the scheme. 



written by AARON DYKES 

But that's only the frontal assault, a push for legislation 
that may or may not be achievable with a divided 
Congress. 

Instead, Barack Obama is continuing a tradition that 
began with FDR, who demanded "broad executive 
were," and progressed o the diatorial aions taken 
by George W. Bush, who as president used executive 
orders and the stroke of the pen to imement licy 
and rule by fiat. 

Back in , presidential candidate and Senator 



Barack Obama promised to bring the industry to its 
knees through emissions regulations. "If somebody 
wants to build a coal-wered ant, they can, it's 
just that it will bankrupt them," Obama told the San 
Francisco Chronicle. "Under my an of a cap and trade 
system, elericity rates would necessarily skyrocket," 
he also stated. 

Obama and his apee Lisa Jackson have used 
the Environmental Proteion Agency (EPA) to do just 
that, first officially declaring C to be a dangerous 
llutant, then using red tape to crack down on energy 
produion, namely coal. 

Days before the eleion, the Washington Examiner 
revealed that the EPA had more than  staffers working 
to finalize stri new regulations on greenhouse gases it 
would imement during the lame duck session in the 
event that Obama was not re-eleed. Those new rules 
would effeively prevent new coal were ants from 
being built. Estimates show these new regulations alone 
would cost the U.S. economy some $ billion. 

But Larry Bell, writing for Forbes.com, exsed the 
fa that this was just the beginning. The full agenda 
under Obama's second term, just in energy regulations 
alone, involves countless new prosals through the 
EPA, under the Clean Air A (CAA), the Clean Water 
A (CWA) and other provisions, to regulate greenhouse 
gas regulations, ozone standards, bodies of water big 
and small across the United States, hydraulic fracking, 
storm-water run-off requirements, the sulphur content 
in gasoline, cement used for construion, cooling 
toweres, coal ash, spill prevention rules, farm dust 
regulations and much more. 

While some of these issues are legitimate concerns, 
the overall scope of the regulatory assault amounts to 
one net effe: higher costs for energy, for construion 
materials and for the cost of achieving bureaucratic 
approval and paperwork, which will in turn hamper 
businesses and slow the economy even more. Obama's 
mean, green agenda will kill anywhere from half a 
million to . million jobs just by , according to 
estimates condued by the American Council for Capital 
Formation. Senator James Inhofe (R-OK), a staunch 
critic of the entire carbon agenda, published a rert in 
the U.S. Senate Committee on Environment and Public 
Works Minority Committee titled, "A Look Ahead to 
EPA Regulations for : Numerous Obama EPA Rules 
Place on Hold Until After the Eleion Spell Doom for 
Jobs and Economic Growth." All this, and the EPA is 
just one agency at Obama's dissal. CNS News found 
that the Obama administration is rapidly deoying 
regulations, averaging  new requirements per day, 
with at least , new prosals for taxation and red 
tape underway. Through endless regulations, President 
Obama ends to circumvent the stopgap measure of 
Congress and rule as Bush did, by executive decree, 
using agencies, as FDR did, to imse licy across the 
land. But why would Obama pursue such devastating 
licies just when America is trying to recover from the 
greatest economic down turn of our time, which he has 
presided over under sustained criticism? 



m 



* . 




ESTIMATES SHOW THESE 
NEW REGULATIONS ALONE 
WOULD COST THE UNITED 
STATES ECONOMY SOME 
$ BILLION. 

Because the bankers are running the show, and 
Obama, like Mitt Romney, is beholden to those banking 
erests. In the most basic economics, supy and 
demand are errelated. Greater supy weakens 
demand, creating abundance and cheap goods. On the 
other hand, a weaker supy creates greater demand 
and creates more expensive goods. 

The burden of regulations, when apied to energy 
costs, for instance, creates not only a more expensive 
produ, but an artificial scarcity on supy. Under 
"green" (for money, not the environment) licies, 
Americans will pay more for less elericity. Likewise, 
under carbon taxes, where companies and individuals 
trade for the right to llute and bid up the price, an 
artificial supy on carbon credits is also created, driving 
up the price on something that didn't even have a cost 
prior to the regulation. And who does this benefit, but 
the money changers? The bankers, the carbon traders 
and the promoters of those systems stand to make 
fortunes. Former Vice President Al Gore, among others, 
was slated to become a "carbon billionaire" under cap- 
and-trade schemes he had devised with a partner and 
executive from Goldman Sachs. The concept of pricing 
carbon itself evolved out of President Clon's Council 
on Sustainable Development, formed in , where Al 
Gore sat with the heads of numerous energy companies, 
including Enron's CEO Ken Lay, to finalize a profitable 
approach to environmentalism. 

Years later, Enron became notorious with scandal and 
fraud, but not before it made a killing in the deregulated 
energy market of California. The documentary Enron: 
Smartest Guys in the Room clearly demonstrates with 
real audio recordings how traders from Enron and other 
firms colluded with energy insiders to artificially shut 
down were ants, creating energy shortages and 
blackouts, so that they could drive up the price and rake 
in the profits. It emerged in November  that Barclays 
was doing something quite similar, facing some $ 
million in fines for rigging the U.S. elericity market. 
Its emoyees had been caught bragging about their 
manipulations in email, setting an investigation under 
way. Obama's latest round of carbon taxes was prosed 
by HSBC Holdings Pic. who are currently facing record 
fines of $. billion for admitted money laundering 



aivity - aiding Mexican drug cartels, terrorists group 
and rogue nations with their finances. 

The very mega-banks Americans bailed out in  
under duress include many of the same firms that stand 
to make huge profits under carbon taxes and the trade 
of their derivatives on the market, as well as other 
lucrative (and controlling) regulations that may be 
imsed on the U.S. economy. Yet the crisis itself was 
created in large part by the horror of these banks betting 
on the global derivatives market with the savings, 
pensions and investments of ordinary, hard-working 
Americans. 

These exames of the crony capitalist market are 
creating, and feeding, the larger problem that President 
Obama's new regulations will only exacerbate. The 
crony market is the very opsite of anything even 
resembling a free market. Worse than just inefficient, it 
breeds corruption. Solyndra is iconic of that - picking 
winners and losers, and subsidizing insiders with no 
meaningful return to the taxpayers who funded it. 

But it is far worse than just Solyndra. The scope of 
involvement of the globalist offshore entities that control 
the big banks means that the system is gamed from 
the beginning. Regulations amount to a virtual racket 
when you faor in the insider trading of information 
about the atmosphere of the market. Friends of the 
administration and of the banks get waivers, know the 
timing and otherwise have telling advice about how 
to ace their bets. Meanwhile, honest businesses are 
saddled with loads of paperwork, new taxes and the 
constant threat of regulatory ervention. For already 
dominant financial institutions, eliminating competition 
is an easy task. 

The public is sold on the merit of backing "green" 
environmental initiatives, thinking they've joined a 
beneficial program to help save the earth, conserve 
resources and stick it to the lluters. But the truth is 
they have been deceived. Whether it is the Rockefeller 
Brothers Fund and their original Standard Oil erests, 
Dutch Royal Shell, Goldman Sachs, GenaMfl B|«:tric, or 
many other big ayers, it is too often the big lluters 
who are anually driving the regulatory regime, 
partnered with big banks to profit from the control of 
our human aivities. 

Whatever the concerns we may have about our 
environment, we are unentionally enabling our 
economic domination and the demise of the global 
economy through dangerous regulations like the ones 
Obama is now beginning to imement as his second 
term unfolds. 

Aaron Dykes is a researcher, rerter, producer and 
writer for the Nightly News and www.infowars.com. He 
graduated from the University of Texas and has been 
working with Alex Jones since . 



- 






 SPI 










H'i 


B^'llR^ 



iU 







I $ IB 


 


 "fl 



Your Paper Receipt is Destroying the Earth 






w'> 



 T J" 



Sfc 



'M> 



When vdli pay af- S,  or even $ fee ft retrreve 

yaur mfliieyfaHl nn«? of Hie iiundcedaor Thoinands-of 
AIH machines Incated acra&s ffit country, you 
apparently haven't sacnrTced enough to tfie Dinks 
that run the njube r 

N-j w. at many c f  h n > e cash dl &p£ n b ari u & . the user i & 
asked to do just a hit more. 

By -si-rap ly skipping your paper receipt and recortf or 
the one-si-ded relationship with your financial insthV 
Nan  you couTd heJp save the earth by reducing ynu
carfcian Footpr. Hat fust m general, halt En specific, 
calculated terms. This terminal in Texas as>ed iF I'd 
Mke to reduce g aF carbon ttutpul iay trusting the 
bank to k*ep the records an save a tree or two. 
These "green"  ATM praice* have been ongcitig since 
at l east the beginning of £ <!. 



the affordable, dependable, compa 

lightweight, incredible filtrating straw 

that will ^z^your life. 




In the full sperum, it is a subtfe rem hid er of 
the larger game at wn rk„ The financial manipula- 
tions by banks floated by the bailout not only 
extend ro making a killing on Fees, or investing 
consumer funds on the derivatives market, but 
to tolluding an the still emerging carbon trading 
market that cnulrf tost American consumers 
tririions in new costs. IP Morgan Chase is in on 
the game. So is Goldman Sachs, Wells Fargo, 
Citibank, Barclays, Bank of America, and most of 
the other mega hanks who've already conquered 
the Western world. 





f/jvfipr t/rr gu/tr srf gtmv yiilll , inmt oE Vn* V>*\pprA 

jtffcbjtJ itatMag wtiitin *\t pTrariHier'irt*! fclT HI tvtattd 

cMi/Mfftffy r affs&ts iflti itvm. Hamf ft* ftiwra 

ffitr&survs have irwff ^rnwtri by b'ptjm^lHtih ,. ta.uA bif e. 

stated for a resurgence under lVr*id*r\t miHtnt** 

second term. 

At ATMs, consumers are already ac.tuSTnrned. ta ttie 

ranfrrrts of" Jhe system, encouraged fra qo tas^cw, 

and further encouraged tn da without receipts or 

even a physical wallet. Now h the system \S astuinj^oLL 

tu- embrace yet another level of toutiol, chan^in^ 

per^a^fiP hehavlar again in the name oF savlnq the 

earth even in routine banking praices. 



v..n..n .. d 

'I vuvuv 



 It IIt I IIE I"it 

YLTUYUTUTftVU 



M..n..iAf. 

iivuvir. 



I  if Iit U it ftit Uif In Alif I 

UVLVI ft , I I II U 




TflD  MA I flD A I DDHDTC 

I U I ^ v ifin J v  n i it i u  i xj 



@) Miami International Airrt 

@) JFK International Airrt 

@) Los Angeles International Airrt 

@) Hartsfield-Jacson Atlanta International Airrt 

@) Las Vegas-International Airrt 

(@) DFW International and New York-Laguardia Airrt 



HI Newark Liberty, Philadelphia International, Seattle Tacoma 

IP Orlando International Airrt 

IP Houston IAH and Salt Lake City International Airrt 

(@) Washington Dulles International Airrt 

HI Detroit Metro Airrt, Louis Armstrong New Orleans Airrt 

IP Boston-Logan International, Denver Internations, San Diego International 

(^) Chicago O'Hare International 



DANGER! TRAVEL ADVISORY! 



# OF FIRED TSA EMPLOYEES 

 Total 



.. A.M.. CD., I .., P.., A.., M..C. 

V If IV 



I II   


ii i ii i ii Al 


i ii 


..T..V.. 


*r u \ 


|Il II II 


J J 


. Jl I 


J 


Jl J J 



written by Paul Joseph Watson 

NEARLY ONE THIRD OF 
AMERICANS WOULD 
ACCEPT 'TSA BODY 
CAVITY SEARCH' IN 
ORDER TO FLY 

he new survey commissioned by Infowars 
and condued by Has Interaive has also 
found that almost one third of American 
I adults would accept a "TSA body cavity 
search" in order to fly, with a majority of Americans 
also feeling a law that would make disobeying a TSA 
agent in any public ace illegal is reasonable. 

The shocking results emphasize the level of indignity 
Americans are willing to tolerate in order to travel. They 
also highlight how the TSA's reputation has remained 
largely a despite a series of scandals and widespread 
criticism from innumerable public figures. 

However, on other fronts the ll provides good news 
for those concerned with how liberties are being lost 
in the name of stopping terrorism. For exame, a clear 
majority ( percent) of American adults feel that TSA 
pat down licies that in some cases involve TSA agents 
touching travelers' genitals are unacceptable. 

The survey was condued online by Has Interaive 
on behalf of Infowars from November  to  among 
, American adults. 

American adults were asked the following question as 
part of the ll: 



Given the recent rerts concerning the 
threat sed by terrorists who an to imant 
bombs within their own bodies, how willing, 
if at all, would you be to undergo a TSA body 
cavity search in order to fly? 

A total  percent of American adults said they 
would be "willing" or "somewhat willing" to accept a 
body cavity search;  percent would be "cometely" 
or "somewhat unwilling" to submit to it and  
percent answered "don't know." 

Although the exa definition was not exained in the 
question, given that the term "body cavity search" refers 
to the most rusive search imaginable, one normally 



the fa that almost one third of American adults would 
submit to such an invasion of their privacy simy to get 
on a ane is astounding. 

Given the rash of stories about TSA agents touching 
travelers' genitals as part of pat down procedures for 
those who "opt out" of body scanners, the ll sed the 



In some cases, the TSA's more invasive pat 
down procedures now include agents touching 
travelers' genital area through their clothing. 
How acceptable, if at all, do you feel this is, 
considering the tential major threat sed 
by terrorists? 

Despite the fa that this licy is already underway 
in some instances, a full  percent of American adults 
found TSA workers touching genitals "cometely" 
or "somewhat unacceptable." A further  percent of 



^m f^ 


i L i ii   i 

^^ 


 Il Jl 



American adults found this "cometely" or "somewhat 
acceptable". More Republicans than Democrats ( 
percent to  percent) were likely to find this "cometely 
acceptable." 

Those concerned with how much were has been 
concentrated o the hands of TSA workers, who are 
after all federal emoyees and not lice officers, 
would also be disturbed at the resnse to the following 
question: 

How reasonable or unreasonable do you feel 
it is that travelers should be made by law to 
obey every command given by a TSA agent 
inside an airrt or any other public ace 
given the threat sed by terrorists? 

A total  percent of American adults said this was 
"cometely" or "somewhat reasonable." A minority 
of  percent said passing a law that would mandate 
total obedience to a TSA agent was "cometely" or 
"somewhat unreasonable." Further, only  percent of 
people thought it was "cometely unreasonable." 

Surprisingly, given their traditional distrust of big 
government,  percent of Republicans thought it 
reasonable compared to  percent of Democrats and  
percent of Independents. 

Asked how the TSA is performing in its screening 
duties at U.S. Airrts,  percent of American adults 
said the federal agency was doing an excellent, good 
or fair job. Only  percent of American adults thought 
the TSA was doing a not very good job or a bad job in 
its duties. Despite sustained negative media coverage of 
the agency's aivities, of that latter netcategory, only  
percent in total thought the TSA was doing a "bad job." 























' 


D.. 


i 


n 


i 


 n 


^ 


 l! 


 




 


V u 


M" 


 






. JL 








JL 


. JL 





n.,r 






t^  ' m^   A i i m^ 

"if I Yflif I 



 ' 


r. 




L. 



INFWARS.COM 



C. . 



 i O i ii L i ii I 





 ii IVI i ii 


-a  j a 

 




i..i n. 

I " IV 


Jl , 



I 



T..V 



More Democrats than Republicans ( percent to 
 percent) resnded that they thought the TSA was 
doing an excellent, good or fair job. 

A PARTICULARLY 
SHOCKING DISCOVERY 

The idea of mandating travelers wear an eleric 
shock bracelet sounds like something out of a dystopian 
sci-fi movie, but the prosal was seriously considered 
and very nearly imemented by the Department of 
Homeland Security back in . 

According to a video put out by Avion Communications 
Group, not only would the bracelets have been used 
to deliver incapacitating eleric shocks to suspeed 
terrorists, they would also have contained tracking 
technology to spy on the wearer. 

In reference to this, the survey asked the following 
question: 

In , the Department of Homeland 
Security expressed an erest in having 
travelers wear eleric shock bracelets that 
would both track travelers through the airrt 
as well as allow airrt officials and flight 
crews to incapacitate tential terrorists. 
How willing, if at all, would you be to wear such 
a bracelet in order to fly? 

nerican adults resnded 
that they would be "cometely" or "somewhat willing" 
to wear the shock bracelet. Republicans were more likely 
to be willing than Democrats,  percent to  percent. 



Only a slim majority of  percent said they would 
be "cometely" unwilling or "somewhat unwilling" 
to wear the shock bracelet. The rest ( percent) 
resnded "don't know." 

The fa that a sizable rtion of American adults are 
willing to wear a device that would allow a TSA agent 
or other airline official to arbitrarily deliver a paralyzing 
eleric shock similar to a taser gun is a shocking 
indication of how much freedom and dignity Americans 



Given how close the DHS came to anually 
imementing the an, one wonders if it is likely to 
rear its head once more. 

In , the Washington Times rerted on how DHS 
official Paul S. Ruwaldt of the Science and Technology 
Direorate, office of Research and Development, 
wrote to Lamperd Less Lethal, Inc. indicating that 
the Department of Homeland Security was ready to 
purchase devices from the company that would be used 
to deliver incapacitating shocks to airline passengers, all 
of whom would be mandated to wear the shock bracelet 
once they checked in for their flight. 

In his letter, Ruwaldt also noted how the bracelet 
could be used as a "method of errogation," in other 
words a torture device. He also raised the prospe of 
using the device against protesters to allow the 
temrary "restra of large numbers of individuals in 
open area environments by a small number of agents or 
Law Enforcement Officers." 

The letter stated that the DHS was "erested 
in.... the immobilizing security bracelet" and that 
it was "conceivable to envision a use to improve air 
security, on passenger anes." Other letters made it 
clear that the DOD, the CDC, Department of Interior, 



service as w 



unnamed law enforcement a; 



re also keen 



Following a wave of negative publicity, the DHS 
pulled the ug on its erest in the eleric shock 
bracelet, and Lamperd Less Lethal, Inc. set about 



removing the letters from Ruwaldt it had previously 
proudly disayed on its website. 

The results of this ll again underscore 
how ignorant many Americans remain of their 
rights at airrts and other transrt hubs 
where TSA agents are present. The results also 
clearly indicate that a substantial rtion of 
Americans, around one in three, are willing to 
tolerate virtually any indignity if it is performed 
in the name of safety and security. 

To view the results of the survey in full ease visit: 
http://static.prisonanet.eom/p/images/ 
november/ll.doc 

Abbreviated Methodology 

This survey was condued online within the United 
States by Has Interaive on behalf of Free Speech 
Systems from November - among , adults ages  
and older. This online survey is not based on a probability 
same and therefore no estimate of theoretical saming 
error can be calculated. For comete survey methodology, 
including weighting variables, ease conta watson- 
paul@sky.com. 

Paul Joseph Watson is editor and writer for the infowars 
site www.prisonanet.com. He is the author of "Order 
Out of Chaos." Watson is also a regular hll-in host for the 
Alex Jones Show and Infowars Nightly News. 



% 



m, . n. .i a/ 

II U II 





 .,M. ,YV 

  U 


Jl Jl J 




RISNPLANET.COM 



SYSTEM ANNOUNCES 
IT WILL USE DNA 
STOLEN FROM 
BABIES written b y AARoN dykes 

After years of denying that blood sames 
were taken at birth, bioethicists are arguing 
for the government's right to seize newborns' 
blood sames for global database. 

For years, the system denied that blood sames 
from newborns were being taken at birth and 
databased o DNA 'warehouses.' Alex Jones and 
other alternative researchers railed against it for 
more than a decade. Now, that period of denial is over, 
and the same system is instead declaring its right to do so. 
Bioethicists in the Science Translational Medicine 
journal argued that researchers should be able to retain 
and peruse the "genetic treasure trove" of blood sames 
taken during routine screenings at hospitals after birth, 
despite long-standing objeions over privacy, parental 
rights and disclosure. 

In fa, governments across the Western world  
and almost every state in the United States  have 
been colleing, retaining, researching and cataloguing 
genetic material of babies without any statutory authori- 
ty to do so, and without parental knowledge for decades. 
Long legal battles in states including Minnesota and 
Texas have resulted in decisions requiring informed 




consent over these praices, given the existence of 
genetic privacy laws, and yet health departments and 
other related entities have petitioned for exemptions 
from these requirements. In essence, the state has, in 
many cases, declared ownership over your DNA, keeping 
genetic material indefinitely. However, in Minnesota 
and Texas, authorities have been ordered to destroy 
millions of sames to comy with privacy laws. 

Twila Brase, president of the Citizens' Council on 
Health Care, worked on many of these cases, and breaks 
down the issue in the following video: 

"The DNA taken at birth from every citizen is essen- 
tially owned by the government, and every citizen 
becomes a tential subje of government-snsored 
genetic research," Brase states. "It does not require 
consent and there are no requirements to inform 
parents about the warehousing of their child's DNA for 
the purse of genetic research. 

A  law signed by President George W. Bush 
appears to give legitimacy to storing and researching 
newborn genetic material, despite legal challenges and 
outcry from people like Congressman Ron Paul, who say 
the law is unconstitutional. 

Now, bioethicists Michelle Huckaby Lewis, Michael E. 
Scheurer, Robert C. Green and Amy L. McGuire have 
written a white paper to argue for the legitimacy of 
preserving these DNA sames for research, in spite of 
parental objeions and clear civil rights issues. 

The abstra for their licy paper, Research Results: 
Preserving Newborn Blood Sames, summarizes the issue: 
Retention and use, without exicit parental permis- 
sion, of residual dried blood sames from newborn 

screening has generated 
public controversy over 
concerns about viola- 
tions of family privacy 
rights and loss of paren- 
tal autonomy. The public 
debate about this issue 
has included little discus- 
sion about the destruion 
of a tentially valuable 
public resource that can 
be used for research 
that may yield improve- 
ments in public health. 
The research community 
must advocate for li- 
cies and infrastruure 
that promote retention 
of residual dried blood 
sames and their use in 
biomedical research. 

These bioethicists 

have comained that a 
"narrow view of privacy 
is hampering research," 
insisting instead that 
"the research commu- 
nity must advocate for 
licies that suprt the 
retention of these sames 
and their use in biomed- 
ical research," as author 
Michelle Lewis stated. 

INFWARS.COM 




These DNA sames must be used to the "fullest extent 
ssible to improve the health of our citizenry," accord- 
ing to the authors. 

The licy is squarely on the side of larger state 
were, where the concerns of the individual are swept 
aside in the name of the "greater good." These authors 
emphasize the tential for research in medical treat- 
ments and other tentially life-saving solutions, and 
yet the era has dawned where consumer-patients are 
offered access to costly patented genetic erventions 
where an individual's God-given genetic material is 
sold back to them for a price. 

It is an emerging paradigm of total state control over 
life, reproduion, screening for "designer babies" and 
other related areas controlled by the system for the 
benefit of insider crony corrate erests. And the 
colleivist "bioethicists," (who are really neo-eugeni- 
cists), are arguing for so-called ethical tradeoffs in every 
conceivable field  abortion, cloning, artificial insem- 
ination, end of life care (a.k.a. death panels), animal 
rights, transhumanism, euthanasia, eugenics, life exten- 
sion, human experimentation and much more. 

Their philosophy, to emwere the technocratic state 
and seleively advance preferred individuals under that 
system, comes from the classical Eugenics era, where 
leading voices like T. H. Huxley, president of the Royal 
Society of Science and grandfather of author Aldous 
Huxley and biologist/UNESCO founder Julian Huxley, 
argued that under eugenics, it is "ethical" to reace 
inferior individuals (and their reproduive rights) with 
that of superior individuals. It is an elitist creed that has 
passed down from the ages and continues today in the 
hands of the globalist cabal steering the emerging world 
government system. 

Leading bioethicists have argued, in official white 
papers mind you, that babies should be allowed to be 
killed up to age , that health care rationing and death 
panels are justifiable, that water supies should be 
laced with lithium and other mind-altering drugs to 
socially control the pulation, and much more. 




£ 



call toll free  ...  or visit us at www.infowarsshop.com 




ALEX JONES FILMS ON DVD 




THE ALEX JONES EVERYTHING SPECIAL 



Learn h? uuJli J spread he wd wti Ifa^QiriJrehfflswe ean rt Ate* 
Jons" rradbb tknmwav wteos. Ml d Ihesa ts boygftsparakty would 
kbI SKS.S. Ywj can get Own al no* tor joursd cc si i? to iakwpaWow 
Rimd. lan^ mtfrtww negMBi torty Si  & 







I hi- Qbama DecefZian 



Endgame; Bluepr 
For Gidbal Enilawniertt 



T«iwtorm 
Spet:al CdniDB 




Po**Stal*: 

ThiRlseOfFwu 





Fill * Tte 
Republic 



Order Of Death* 
Oait&ecr&tsCorntw 



RECOMMENDED FILMS AND BOOKS 




Hit Esse MbIAIh 
Jgnes ^YD CflSfcrtipn 



'   i-n* Nil Inim 

Uj i 



 







Dreams From 
MyfteaJFttfief 























fcm *""jH 




i- 






.^^ 




 - -~ 



The Greater Good 




RmtgHldDrt 




ARAIeL* 




ScwifekUnftr 




IndodraisSfon 




In^iible Empire: 



THEVVt- RID 

according ;o 

MONSANTfl 



Tn*W*WA*wrdin|j 



coKsnuo 

G® 



Nhw Dan Call 

ICfflgfiwy 




WhU in The world 
AnTtHySpraylngf? 



frfetffi" 




DttWCRIPS and 




sun 



^ 



Stirvtvws 




Tragedy & Hope 




BetiM iht Green mkit 
Agenda  



ROMANS 



 




RdfHRSttTlttTnjt 

Moaning of frhmlsun 




bROVE; 



Bo*i«riHrvGrwe: 
Ct# of Conspiracy 




Strategic Relation; 
Worth American Gukfe 
ToSaftWaets 




B^odlirm Of 

The llluninati 




Trie Oelibersne 
Duniblng Down 
^America 

Ri-.lShDMBAafaKiEE 




Money 



FecJMt 




EVERY ORDER GETS A FREE CITIZEN RULEBOOK! 



Last train out to get off the gridP 



Amazing "Solar Generator Is 
Like Having A Secret Powere 
Plant Hidden In Your Home! 

 \ \^JJ 




BY MIKE WALTERS 

STAFF WRITER, OFF THE GRID NEWS 



New solar wered backup provides instant 
elerical were in any outage or disaster. 
If you have ever wanted to have an emergency 
backup system that supies continuous elerical were, 
this will be the most imrtant message you will ever read. 
Here is why. 

There is now a cometely rtable (and ultra-high 
efficient) solar were generator which produces up to  
watts of household elericity on demand when you need it 
most. News of this "solar backup generator" (it's the first 
"off-the-grid" breakthrough in  years) is spreading like 
wild fire all across the country! 

Why? 

The answere is easy. You see, this solar generator is 
extremely wereful and yet very sime to use. It produces 
continuous elericity and runs with absolutely no noise 
whatsoever. It emits no fumes. But the best part about the 
solar generator is that once you own one, you can... 

Generate Free Elericity From The Sun! 

Charged by the sun with a wereful solar panel, the unit 
then stores the were for your use when you need it. We 
all face natural disasters, with hucanes, tornadoes, snow 
and ice storms cutting off elerical were to millions of 
Americans each year. 

Then there are man-made disasters and outages. 
Blackouts and rolling brownouts are becoming common in 
many parts of the United States as our grid gets stretched 
beyond its capacity. 

The truth is, we are extremely vulnerable to all kinds 
of meltdowns that can create temrary or even permanent 
elerical outages. That's why if you are one of the few 
Americans that thinks ahead, you need to. . . 

Have A Solar Powered Backup In Place! 

When you compare a solar generator to a gas generator, 
the difference is pretty remarkable. Here's why. First, gas 
generators make an incredible amount of racket. . . if you 
can even get them started in the first ace. With a gas 
generator, you pull and pull some more, all because your 
generator has been sitting in the cold and the carburetor is 
aying hard to get. This, of course, is not a lot of fun in 
the dark. Another reason to avoid gas generators is that you 
just can't safely run one in your house. But the number one 
reason you don't want to be caught in a time of crisis with a 
gas generator is... 



Gas Stations Can't Pump Gas 
Without Elericity! 

It's true. When the were goes out, you're left with 
whatever gas you have on hand because the gas station 
pumps all run on elericity. A few gallons stored in a gas 
can means a little elericity for a little while, then it's 
quickly "back to black." 

Here's the thing: I could go on and on about life without 
elericity and what a nightmare gas generators can be. 
But here's the bottom line: Solutions From Science is now 
offering an amazing were generating system that can 
provide enty of elerical were in the event of an outage 
or emergency. And the best part is that you can have the 
were safely in your house. 

A True Breakthrough In 
Home Powere Generation! 

Let me try to exain the features and benefits of a solar 
generator as simy as ssible. If I could bring one over 
to your house and let you start ugging in apiances, you 
would immediately understand what all the fuss is about. 
But I can't do that. Anyway, here are some of the reasons I 
think you'll want a solar generator: 

#. Maximum Powere In Minimum Time. 

The solar generator can be set up in just a few minutes. 
Then, all you have to do is start ugging things in. It can run 
both AC & DC apiances anywhere... anytime. 

#. Back Up Powere When You Need It Most. 

It's called a "solar backup" because it's designed to come 
to your rescue when were trouble starts and your lights go 
out. Run a small refrigerator (high efficient ones are best) to 
keep your food from going bad. 

#. Portable Powere. 

If the going ever gets too tough where you are and you 
decide to "get out of dodge," you simy throw it in the car 
and take off to a safer destination. 

#. Generates Permanent Powere. 

The unit provides   watts of elericity at peak were. 
That's enough to run many apiances in your house. The 
generator is recharged constantly by the sun allowing you 
to use the system while charging it at the same time. Many 
users choose to keep apiances ugged in permanently to 
reduce elerical costs and help pay for the unit. 

#. Multie Uses. 

You can use your solar backup to run essential apiances 



when emergencies arise. You can recharge phones, 
run shortwave radios, televisions, lights, fire ace or 
furnace fans, as well as computers and prers. Plus, 
if you need to work in the woods at the cabin or in a 
boat, you can use the solar backup to run were tools, 
trimmers, bloweres and coffee makers. 

#. Plug And Play Means Instant Powere. 

The emergency backup system comes ready to 
go. Just start ugging in your favorite household 
essentials. 

By the way... the units go for about $. us 
shipping and handling. 

But I'm going to show you a way around that. I 
have negotiated a very special offer for readers of 
Info Wars magazine. 

Here's the deal. You can use coun code IW to 
get one for $. off as a reader of Info Wars magazine. 
To do that, the absolute fastest way to get one is by going 
to the website at: 

www.MySolarBackup.com 

If you would like to order by phone, you can 
call toll-free by dialing --. Tell whoever 
answeres that you want the "Solar Backup Generator" 
system rushed to you and you have a coun because 
you are a reader of Info Wars magazine. 

Or, if you prefer to pay by check or money order 
(payable to Solutions From Science), simy send your 
payment to: 

Solutions From Science 

Dept. Solar Backup IW 

 W. Main St. 

P.O. Box  

Thomson, IL  

I'm so convinced every American household needs 
a Solar Generator, that I've arranged for this special 
deal to get one to you at this dirt cheap price. (When 
you call, ask about their free shipping offer as well.) 

Just hurry, call -- 

Sincerely, 
Mike Walters 

P.S. One more thing. It's very imrtant. 

Make sure you use coun code IW to get all the 
discounts you have coming as a reader of Info Wars 
magazine. 




rs On ft 







o 



on ~ 

o  









r+ <? o 

^ < £ 





Pu 

W H. _. 







fD HT 

a ~ 



< ft 



p- 

fD 
fD 

Pu 

ft 

<' 



cr 
 " 
 S 

Pu X 

i-h fD 
fD 



fD aq 



 . 

PL Ci. 

on pT 

 

o 



P> 



Z  

 s R 

fD ?T 

y fD 



cr 




fD 

O 
< 

fD 



^ " S ?D 



O i-j O < 

-



Pu 
fD 



g 

O 



 s ! 

hi *<< 

%; ps 

^ 

r+ 

fD 
O 

X 



^ 
^g g. 

pu O O 

 S o 

" w 
^  * 

fD PT fD 

> ?'^ 



P " 

ri- v<h 

q pu 

fD O 



hi* 

O 
p 



" 



P- r+ 



L ^ 

"* o 

fD 



pi - 
*-< 
g* Pu 

- 



J 
fD 

C 
C/ 



g ^ 

  
o 



|M -" £, y, 



PJ 



o * 



fD 



^ 



P 

Pu 
O 



 o rt 



^ r+ n 



. - 



J 
fD 



^ hi B 

o p> cr 

'"htL g- fD 

nT a> cr 

^J hi H-, 

rD - pu 

p; &) M 

 O 

► _ *< 

p> o Pi 

H" ^ / 

° & ~ 

- * ! 

 o S* 

H-. fD 

C ri- __ 

rv-, " °^ 

^ fD O 



i w fD 

" h-t 



On „ 
Pi- 



J . 



E ft S- E 



.. O 



J CT 
fD P> 

S^ 

- on 

 <w 

 n> 



' P> 


' 



CT - 

O rD 

---d 



r+ fD 



n 

o 



OQ 

 fc= : 



US" P fD 

^ >  

PL 

i-i 



g  ^ -S 

P tr tr 



' S> 



USII 



? £  



ST on 

§ s- 

 " 

, o 



  

fD < 

on a> 



P , 



^ 

on 
^ 
O 

ft" ^ 



O - 



ft 

? ^ 

O on 

fD O 



,  ft 
fD PD 



- 
fD 

m 
>^ 

fD 



  



P hi 
!-i p-, 
ST fD* 







fD ' 

o <E hrt 

^h " 



" 
fD 





 

fD 

SL 

on ^ ^ 

e^ w pd 

r+ O  

o h^a 



 fD 
^ O 
fD 



. OQ 
 on 



- O 



P 



O 



  

ft ri- P 

S  ^ 

ri- O ^ 
-< ri- ft 
% Pu 

on '"d 



 



ft BJ 

P 



d o EL 







ft O 



'  
O ft 





fD h-K 
P fiP 

"* fD 

BL 

O 

 

? 



Pu ( 
O 



' ' 

to 

o 
o 

 

P 



Pu 



" 

ft -d ^ 



fD 





K o 

rp  



h" <j 

ft S 



P 


^< 


" 





ri- 


Pi 


CL 


^ 





B  


fD 
on 


ft 


ri 


P 

 


o 


GrQ 







-o 


n 


cr 




^ 


P 











n 


FT 




o 


on 










ft 





O 

PJ 



X 
ft 



pi 

ft 



ft 

P 

g 

o * 

Pu o 

ri- i"i 

ft 

 ^ 
ft 

cr &q 
ft 



^ . ft 

O ft < 

C- P _ 



P  
" _{ 



ft 
  ft 

X g P. 

C 
ft O 

^s 

^  & 



p ft 

ft Q on 

w < . 

&  . 

S- 

hr. c n 

x " ^ 

ft o 

H^ & 

^ ^  

" ?o 

hi <T> 

?   

- w  



ft - on 



O 

ft 
Pu 
ri- 
- 
ft 



^ 
ft 



PL ^ 
h£ v< 



H 

CO 

> 

► 

ft 



f  s 

B cr 

 <t 

on rD 



. 

^ 



< P 

>< on 

^  

^ 

N-. ^ 

on 

O P  

 cr 

 ^ 

"< ZL 



pu h-  h^ 

P <^\ fD O 




. OQ 



I 

ft 
Pu 



 > 

 . 

-O on 

O 







o . 
cr g 
o 

Pu 


o 



on ft 

/ > 



 
n 



Q 
O 
< 
ft 



ft 
OQ 





ft 





Pu 
ft 

^ 
ft' 
" 



P> 

ft 

* OQ 

, ' 

  
' 

Q 



ft 

n 
o 



h-*   



J 
ft 



ft 



g a 

&q 







^ 



 OQ 

, ^ 



cr 





i  

 h^ 

ft on 



P 

Pu 






cr 
o 



 £ 

P- ft 



 


ft o 
pu cr 

tr o 

P 



P  i 

ri- h^T 

<^ ^ 

 o> 



o 

Pu 

ft 



P 




P 


, cr 





P 



^ 

o 

!-i 
O 



&q 

" 



. 


ft 


,_,. 


" 


tr 


P 


fD 


M 




P 





r+ # 


on 





r ' 


OQ 









,-)- 




T 


^ 


rD 








^ 


c 


C 




D 


 


"J 




 


Ml 








I 


* 






:_ 




c 


= 


 


c 


 


E 


"- 


- 


[] 


' r _ 


 




>'. 


C 


 

--< 


u 


:J 


 


-J 


= 




 
- 



. - 

s £ 

£ 




a Ml  



" g d S-  



rt on On  
H-r  (_l " rt 



£ H ^ 

^ 

Pu n> < 

**  £ 
 I c 



o 

< 

fD 



rt rt S* 



 £ 

. g 
p n> p' P". p 

rt ?  



"*  ),, c- 

P 

cr 
p 

P 
pu 



 
P 
 



p 

on 

(D 




< 


cr 


 


u 


Pu 









cr 

m 


T 


n 


rt 


P 

PS 


u 

cr 



ro ^ o & 



 S 

p-  
p  
pS oq 



Co n 
en O 



<.. ri- O 



 g 

cr pu 

s s 






 
n 



O 

I" 



 fD 






H- CO 

a  ? 





o  

rt 

T rt> 

fD O r. 

o -* & 

U P- ~ 

^ ? tJ' 



CT rt 
rt On 

E 

oq 



g oo : ` P 

>- a- &Q ar 



o 



cr 



  



 ° 

dd 

cr "> £ 

fD ' 'O 

* ^ ^  

J ^ P fD 



  g. 

 



co 



Q, CO 

:r 



Co 

>  

*<! 

Co 

Pu 



' CO 

ri- j 

I!" ' il 



O o 

 



=r y- s. 

fD CO 

fD g O 



tr s 



* p 

fD  

a 



rt 

o 



fD  - _ 



N? p 



w P > 

 ' rt ~ 



CD Ft CO *< dd 



" p 

§ I 

O 
Pu (X) 



CO 



cr 
P 



fD 
Pu 



cr 



 a 

fD o 

a p 



* br 



' cr 



a " 

£ oq 
g Co 
fD o 

S P 



fD 



' B n 

_ fD t=. 



fD 
CO Pu 

E£ co 

fD 
fD p^ 



co Q. 

cr fD* 

O. ri- 

pT o 



fD 



cr 

^  fD 
^ fD 

O OQ fD 

a rT  

^ rt r 



on 



on 



* > - 

< o t 

fD fD 

^ op a 



 ^ 



o 



 o 

ri- fD 



C^ ri- 



- 
CO 


Pu 
fD 



 p £ 

rr m c^ 



fD 

Pu _ - 

Co co 



S g 

CO  

rt fD 
- 

n 

CO O 



 ft ^^ 



fD 



> o H 

T fD 

O <J 
on 

Co 



O 

> 



^^ 



fD f^ 
Cu 



S  



co S  

a  

o 

^ 

fD - 

|. 



O *< 
- Co 



 < 

CO < 

i-{ fD 

fD .' 



^  



fD 



 i^> 

g  

Pu v< 

O co 

-h 



- 



fD 



cr b ^ 



O r+ 
PL O 






O 

Pu 
CO 



Pu 
fD 

fD 



Pu 
on 

O 





CO 



Pu 



CO 

ri- "P 

tr o 

fD ? 

o Q. 

<T> 

on 

 " 





 &Q 

  

 o 

fD 



► 

Pu W 



o 

-J on 

HI ^ 

 s 

-P 
on 

fD A> 

n W 

EJ  

co 



- O 
fD OQ 



fD O 

V,  

fD qT 



. 
Pu 

' 

qq 

H 
- 
co 



Pu O 
fD 



 n> 



O OJ H- rt 



?£ ^s 



^ - 
CO fD 



fD i-K, fD 



O 

 

 

Crq 



CO Pu 
fD 

Pu C/ . 

Pi" 
aq fD 





^ 



P fD 



II 

 £ 



r+ ^ 



&q ^ 




(X) 



rt ri- 

 *< 

^ s 

- 



fD 



cr 

 
t*r 

fD 



" 

Co 

^ 
CO 



Pu 

o 

' 

(X) 



on 

fD CO 

Pu n 

o P^ 
o 

xf g 

o 

K ^ 

fD - fD fD 



O - - 

o o' ^ 

i-r fD   i 



h-ji re 

 % 



 >^ 



x 

Co 


Pu 



< h CO 



on 

O 

- 



CO 

fD Cl 
(X) 

fD o 
n- on 
- rt 

 - 

_. - 



O t 



- 
CO 



O 

< 



Pu 

o



Co 
- 



fD 

Co 

cr 



fD h-K 

* fD 
fD fD 

S" O 

CO 

B'g. 



_ " 

- fD 

Si ^ 

rt 

O Pu 



fD 

  



CO 



JiT !  ! ri- 



-" 



T v fD &q rTSs- 

M on 



fD 



<? S 



on oq 
O 



O ^ fD 



II It 



(i   



B s 



fD 




!" 

O 



?t ^ V- 



CO 



Pu



b o 

; - g- 

 Co f\ 

CO* 

OQ 



< 

O 

cT 


rt 

CO 
- 

n 

 O 




 n 



a & fD  

I s * s. 

fD t-h - co 



O 
o rD 

 
>  

fD 





- 
fD 



O 

' 
Pu 



On 

p^ . 

P  n 
M Co 

pi? o 

|- fD 
on 

n- a 

f^ rS 

co &q 

^ g 

o " 



rt ^ 
^ 

fD rt 

CO 

fD 



rt P  " 

fD  

Pu fD 

rt  

pr a 

fD fD 

B 
§-? 

I B 

fD O 

  

: fD 

P= fD 

B" pu 

oq 



^ rT P= 



> o 

^ 

- Co 

cT  

-- 

O rt' O 

rt Co rt 

rt . rt 

Co co BJ 

. 



Co 



i_> on 



Co 



 fD & 



U  

^ z 

fD 



cr 



   ri- ^ O 

b: a" n fD vd 

^ fD O  ^ 



 rt.  



- ST 

O fD 



^ a- 

&q 





Pu fD 



n 

o 



&q 

 ^ 
on fD 

rt O 

^  

fD Pu 



cr 

fD 



fD O 

< £ 

o -

 S* 

Co ' 

' ^ 

on CO 



CO 
 

CO 



-^ '  ' 





Pu 





$ I 

£ fD 

Pu 




Pu 



Pu 

o 



- CO 

Co 

on pL, 

on _-. 

pr S* 

O fD 

% * 

fD 

rt & 

^

rt - 

rt Co 

- 

fD n 

h-. fD 



fD ^ 

on fD 

 fD 

fD H-. 

 J 



D 

fD 

k fD 

a  

". on 

< ^ 

fD on 

rt fD 

O P 



on a-  

a s  

B-. 

OS v. 

§ s 

§ % 

B 

o HT 

pu B 

fD M 

D. E-" 

on' h-. 

" f 

rt 

on rt- 

fD ^g 

. 

fD a 

on Q 

PO h^ 

^ fT 

H-K rt 

 ^ 
rt CO 

rt 

 ^ 



s 

 n 

" 

  

K|  



d



fD § § 



hQ 

^ v^ ^ % 
^ n Pu  : 

" 



fD fD 



&S a 
£'  



 rt 

z p? 



a a 

Pu 

K fD 

CD rt 



. O 

fD p 

on on Jrt 



> T ^ 

fD Hri 

H-K ^ 

fD ^ fD 

. Pu O 

n fD ^ 

o^ h-{ rt-  

Co 



H- 
O 


on 


^ 


^ 


rt- 

Co 


 

Co 


O 
< 


" 
O 


O 

fD 
Pu 

O 






-h 

CO 
O 


rt 


fD 

 
 

fD 




on 
fD 

 

fD 
Pu 





fD 

rt 


 


O 

Co 


fD 


rt 


r^ 




OQ 
O 


O 
^ 
fD 


rt^ 

n" 


 

Co 


Pu 




r-t- 


,M- 


CO 

Pu 


Co 


Pu 


fD 
Pu 




Co 



on 


O 


rt 


CO 


 


" 





" 


< 


^r 






£L n 



^ Li. 
^ oq 



 ^ 



S.  ^  

o" rt* ' 'on 



Oq 
O 
< 



% 



< fD 

fD n 

 

co o 
g.g. 

co n 
 " 
w cT 

^ 
CO 
on . 

S B- 

M rt 

CO O 

Oq 

^ 



td in 

Co Co 

: 

O £ 

O* 


Co on 

CO 
P^ 
Oq " 

P^ 



CO 


^ 

o 



CO 



B- g  



 



CO 



- CO 
fD 



^ rt 



fD  
 O 

&s 

  >  
fD £ 

► ^ 

o xi 

t o 

O t 



B  



^ rr O 

i.  s 



fD rt 

oq fD 

pi H  

 g 



O 

on 

CO 

Pu 



O 

P  . 



O 



CO 


Pu 



H 
O 



CO 

Pu 
fD 



rt- rt  

= g"< 
 & 

fD fD 

? H- 

Co 



rt ^ 

IS 
fD C. 





* 
^ 

S< 

fD 
Pu 

cr 



cr 

fD 



rt' ^ 

p=-  p° 

t fD Pu 
PO  ^ 

. co I-+J 

vCr . o 
^ o ^ 

CO ^ 
 - on 

f| 

Oq ^ rt 

fD rt 

fL fD 

 

rt - 

b;b s 
 a 

log; 

cr o - 

^& 

p° ^ 

rt  

rt 
 fD 

on i_k 
fD & 
P 



d pT rf 



oq. 
o' 

 s > CO 

Co pi 
on v<| 

fD  
< oq 

co %q rt 

rt fD 
 on oq 
P° on o 



fi-S 



rt o o 



Pu h 

fD T 

h fD 

^ 

CO ? 



^ ^ 

pT fD 



fD 



CO 



fD o" 

fD 

Co 

 



rt co G 

g&i 

PjL  

rt " . h rt ' 



S.  

  ^ 

d O fD 

 n d$ 

B.BS 

P d fD 

^  ' 

tr ^ rt 

|b i 




oq 
fD 

^ 
' O 

 

fD 

 



 

 ^' 

o o 

fD fD 

rt rt 

P° 

fD 

v< &q 

on - 

^ cT 

on 

"" fD 
Pu 



fD 



fD T 

C O 

^ ft 
fD 

CO 

fD a 

Pu pu 



' ^ co rt 

<%  ^ 

> fD 






Pu rt 

fD  
on fD 

' ' 

fD £J 
Pu 

rt ^ " 

o  I 

fD  ^ 



O Oq £i 

rt a/ dr 



fD 

cr 
co 



o 
< 

fD 
rt 
rt 
CO 

fD 
Pu 

Co 


Pu 



^ 
O fD 
rt Pu 

& $ 

fD CO 

on 

&  
PO fD 

pis 
£i 

  

 ° 

-

n PJ 
o s 
a fD 



h-. co 

o 

w rt 

.  

on' fD 

^  

' ' 

Oq Oq 



Pu fD 



  a 

fD O fl) 

fD Pu h^ 

Pu p a> 

 ^ a 



S  



fD 
Pu 

P 




 
p 

m 
pu a 



Oq 



O 

^ &£ 

n ^ 

cr fD o 

fD p 

. £* O 

^? 

B   

rt h 

fD  fD 

o rt r^ 

rt p- p 

fD oq ^ 

Pu o W 

fD 

- 
a rt 

Oq  
O fD 



< Oq 

^ P 

B. < 

O fD 

^ 
^ on 



fD 



dr 

, o 

fD SS 



^  

fD rt 



L fD 



Pu 



fD 
Pu 

cr 



$ 

o 

cr 




Oq 

fD fD 

rt on 

B S 



fD ^< 



fD p 

dd 
o o 

 fD 
fD 



C/ 



" b- 

 o P 

rt- rt- 

s



-g; 



 P d> P 



 n n 
t Pu - 
^ ft P 

fD ^ 
- M rt 



fD T 
on o 



 £ I 

& O * 
fD fD 



O n ^ 

<! a 

a  ^ fB   

S  ' m § p 

O Pd: cr 

O fD fD 

.^, W rt 

^ fD J 

fD on ^< 

on  

^ Pu Pu 

fD ' r 



 o 




o 

- 
fD 

Pu 
P 

Oq 
fD 
rt 
O 





- B 

on fD ^ 

* g. 

P H g 

rt- rr. 
n 

fD 



Oq 



fD O 

H--  

 <! 

c^: ^ 

t on 

a ^ 

fD on rt 

P " 

M PJ fD 

S-B  

' 

 fD 

Pu O h^ 

C t-h ^| 

L  

^ T.N 



fD  

S fD 

^ 

on fD 

is  

rt"§ 

a- ^ 

f?  
n s° 

o 

M 

on  

I  

^ 

^ ? 



Q. . 



- P fD 



P^ rt 

Si  ^S 

^ p 



 rt  



dr pr 

on' fD 

Pu -* 

S £^ 



fD fD 





^ 
O 


PT* 
 fD 



^, fD ^ 

HP 

T  rt 

fD fD^ H-K 

P° ar  

 fD 
tt fD fi 

O 



P P 

 * 

< o 

 ^ 

S Pu 
fD 
rt 

IS 

fD



o 







Pu 



 

  

on r 
fD 






" 
" 

O 

fD dd ^  ^ 



^ Z>  ^ 



r?_  fP 



BL ^ 



^ ^ 



p 
t. p 



p 

on O ' P° 



Oq CT 



dd rt fD 

- T - 

rt fD M 



cr 

rt oq 
rt rt 

g*S 

- p 

cr ^ 

O fD 

o y  



on TJ fD 

fD fD M . 

Pu oq 

 O o 

£ - 



P 
P- R 

C o 

"  

P  



fD 



SB 

n 



cr - 
^^ 

O fD 



on P 
- pu 



O i w 
on j 

fD f H 

fD a- 

° hO fD 

- £  

  



o 





Pu 



fD 
P 
Pu 



^ H-i. rt 



rt. o a 



p^ a 

 s 

"O co 



S tf c 



&B-  ft 



rv, p 



fD fD 

 nd 



 § 



O fD 
O f? Q 



S  § 

. on R 

O H-H, fD 

° K 

si rt P^ 



O fD 

 B 

rt 

s; dr 

fD* P 

fD ^ 

p- < 

Bl 

 fD 

<-f on 

R. rt 

< dr 

fD fD 



° C 

 

fD 

. | -

y  

w rt. 



fD p 

rt 

dr oq 

fD fD 

 ' 

 Bt 

 

o  



dr < 

fD fD 



fD ^ 

rt. 

on on 



o Z 

^. & 

fD 

<* Oq 

' fD 

 

rt fD 

dr -s 

` ft 

p- o" 

'  

fD ^ 

S  

o*  

t -- 

S ^ 

a O 

 -h 

o p 

 <s 

s? ft 

fD r-t 

! dr 

^< fD 



fD 

hQ 


 

Pu 



cr 

fD 



Pu 
fD 



O 
O 

Pu 

P 

Pu 



p 





Pu 

 
fD 
rt 
on 
O 

P 




Oq 

< 

fT 


n 

fD 



" 

rt 
>  
O 



P 


Pu 

 . 



 

fD 



 





§:* S 



H 

dr 



fD 





S p ^  

^ rt e-\ rt 



rt _ rt- 



rt '  



Z  

S  

 p° 

^ on 



^ 



Zi on ri- ^^ 

 P_ _ 



 


Oq 




(  


Oq 


< 





fD 




rt 


 





O 


 


n 


fD 




fD rt 



O 
fD 
O 

 BL 

s r 

^ 

o w 

 
fD ^ 



>^ 



o ' 

rt> M 

ia  

S O. 

<§ s 

o >a 

fD W 
" T 

II 

  



O rt 

Pu  



Hrt L^-J 

^ 

. O 

^  

C _ 

rt o" 

^ rt 

 OQ 

 

oq o 

dr rt 

rt & 

Pu ° 



p 



fD 



^^ << rt 



W 



 i 



dr 




Oq 





fD 





fD C 

u d$ 



P P 

: 

fD Pu 
Pu 

 Pu 

O O 

?? 



rtl 


H 


p 

n 


 








oq 







^ri 


" 




(T) 


 


P 


n 

fD 






dr 




p 


s? 





^ 


c^ 





m 


fD 



W <s 



 g- 
I . 

" 



fT^ 
 § 



p 



on 



 


O 
 





" 






Oq 


n 





u 


O 


rt- 



n- o 

 & 

a- g 

c £ 

rt fD 



 on 

 
rt 

cr ^ 



H " 
£ P. 



 
P 



Oq 

Oq 



^ P^ 
fD p^ 



 
oq  



Po rt- 

S O 

- -h 

^* ^ 

dr 

p p 

rt 

^ o 

 fD 

O on 

% o 

fD rt 



fD M 
fD << 

' P" 
Pj on 
Oq - 

' 

;> oq 

rt o 

dr 



i  ' 

p <& 
cr X 



w d < 
x o <; 



on' fD 

fD y> 



^ > % 

fD fS v«j 



n- on 

T  

fD o 

on on 

"P ^ 

 ^ 

Q. fD 



 Oq 

. O 

< 

fD 



-  rt 
p" £L P S ^ 

 rt o  "<! 



rt &> 

fD 
rt Pu 



? H 

cr tr 

fD on' 



d>^ 
O 



fD 

 " 

Pu  

 

  
" < 



kh p cr 



- rt 
dd tr 

 fD 

oq xj 

rrt fD 

^ ° 

O X 

dr rT 



rt tu 

% d 

p dr 

cr p 

o rt 

o 

rt  

pT^ 



 ff 



cr l-  - 
x 

° dd 

fD fD 

P on rt. 

£ . 

 <" EJ 

 fD p 
 ^ 

" I o. 

. Pu fD 

on fD " 

d*  rt 

fD O 

fD ^ 

HT rt. IzT 

O ^ fD 

fD Hrt 

rt ^ ^ 

fD fD < 

rt Pu fD 

 !r w 

  ' p 

d? ^ ^ 

^ ^ rt 
^ 

o < ,. 

fD rt- 

' P- O 

P Oq  

P  < 

tr> fD ^ 

  I 

rD rt fD 

on O - 

O rti rt 

* d 

 o rt. 

CT rt- on 



E^  



^ 
^   

£Zi r? era 



,   

> ' £ 



" . on  



P w r-t 



O 
^rt 



 
' O 



P 

, 

Pu 

> 

Pu 

' 

oq 



  ^ , 





Oq 



H-K. -- '"I 



<t i? 



cr 

fD 

p 


Pu 



hJ p 

o . 

"* ' 

g- ^ 

 H> 

 Oq h> 

on  

C P 

^ 

Pu > 

p  

^. 

ri- n 

- 

; fD <* 

 Cu P 

fD O 

 ^ 

P  

Oq rt 

O fD 

Oq 






p 







p 


*<! 


^d 




fD 


P 




rt 


O 


fD 


rt> 





fD 


O 



rt .  



cr 

fD 
O 

o 
 

 

Oq 



H  

rt J rt 

O 

on Xi 

h< rt 

 O 

 !=r 

 BJ 

fD  

dd oq 

sT^> rD 

on 

^ <- 

o o 



p- $ 



P 



n 

p  

Pu 

fD o 



H dr K . 



CO (U 

 rt 

Pu P 

*^ rt 

II 

 o 
 

g w 

Oq "P. 

dr  



fD 



O 

O fD 
< P 

fD / 
rt ^ 


 

fD 






Oq 



^< H . " 



- p 

I 

: fD 
fD Pu 



P 



O 

 w  

p p  
p £, 

^ 



H 

dr 



Pu 
fD 

 
p 

° I 

on  

O W 
 rt 
 O 

< ^ 

<: fD 

- p 

- -

p^ 

rt fD 



E  

o" 

 

fD on 

rt. P 

on fD 

on 

on c/ 

dd 

P o 

fD 

PL rt 

cr rD 

rr oq 

 p 

rt. on 



E p 
o 

 




o 

pd > 

 p- 

r% fD 

P P 

  

C fD 

s. g 



 S- 

n o 

P O 

. 

P  

p hQ 

 

rt- fD 

rt 



/ on 
fD rt 



< on 

^  

C O 



IU ,_i h-h, rt  r 
< P fD fD rt 



rt rt P 



dr  

fD rt 
fD ^S 



O P 

-* 
rt ^ 



p 



^  

o ^ 

'^ on 



o 



$  

tr ft. 
*< o 

on . 



fD 



 O 

rt -* 

I" 

P t 
O 

^ ' 

on 



fD 
O 

O 

Oq . 
. Oq < - 



P 
'  
P- 

PU H-K 

fD 
on C-i 



H ^ 

rt § 

P ^ 

fD 

oq h*  

p rt  



N 

' Oq h 
W P 

- cr 
E p ► 

fD r- 



n fD 
O 

Pu 

? fD 



p 


on 
fD 


O 

rt 


u 



on 

P 


Pu 
fD 


P 


 
rt 


 


 




n 




on 


O 


cr 





P 


fD 


Oq 


<< 



ft^ 



fD 



o dd 

fD 

rt 

rt- p 

fD E 

p dr 

Pu P 

fD d 

rt X 

on . 

- 

rt fD 



  

rt 

 

fD . 

O en 

rt fD 

cr P- 

fD rt 

< P" 

< P 



  

^  

P>^ 

p  

ri- on 

 W 

o dd 

\=: p 

n- on 

' P 

P O 



p Pu 

^ cr 
p td 

g. 



o < ^ 
&^ . 

fD rt oq 

on 
r±XS 
' rt o 

  x 
p 

P o 

 ^ 

Pu 

 - 

P Pu 

?d 

S " 
E g 



dd 



rt 

fD fD 

p  



p ^ 

rt tr 

prt fD 

fD 



P rt- 

P^ 

% rt 

 

^ fD 



fD 

O 

rt 

E 

Oq 

_ rt 

oT dd  
fD  rt 



o d< d 

H-K O rt. _{ 

O fD 

rt) fD 

  

S ^ 



Pu rt 

 o 



^ E 






p  



fD 





c? 

rt 

 

 

o' 



Pu 
fD 

P 



fD p 

^. rt 

- y> 



p, 





Oq 



tr tr 



cr 
o 



p 


Pu 



;^ 

^ p 
p ^ 
E 



dd 
p 



n E 



fD 



O rt 

-h o 

rt o 

fD cr 

dd fD 

Oq *< 

o' 





' ^ 

Pp dd 
^ 

fD 

p 


fD fD 

O ^ 

 fD' 

on  

|s 

 - 
rt 

' 
oq 

P 

cr 
o 





^ 



fD 



tr rt 



 
. o 



J 

' 

Oq 



 ►p 
S . 



a P 

cS  

fD a' 

Pu o 

%; H-^ 

fD  

on on 
on > 

§ 

S g 

Pu fD 



dd 

^ 

Pu ^ 

P P- 

p^ 

V fD 



E a 



Pu P 





Pu 

cr 
o 



< EL 

fD on 

S, ° . 

- fD 

f:- 

rt o 
dd 
o a- 

on 

fD 

fD 

^ dd 

a- fD 
cT  

on 
fD P 

fD dd 
f*d ^ 



E^ 




p the noun POD KIT 



a) LIFE STRRW 



) THE PDCKET SOCKET 



H) THYROSRFE 



HLEX JONES' -DRY 
s) EMERGENCY ORRB 
RND CD PRCK 



S) KRD UDYRCER miNI 



w^. CRYSTRL QUEST 
^ SHOWER FILTER 



^ RLEX JONES' Ib-DRY 
& PRTRIQT FQDD PRCK 



EFTlERCEnCV CHECK LIST 



With the aftermath of hucane Sandxj resembling the 
horrors of Katrina, the government once again has shown 
us that theg can't and won't help in times of crisis. We at 
Infowars thought it would be useful to give gou a list to 



HOUSEHOLD 



RDDRESS: 



PHOTE nUITlBERS: 



imRTflnT 

COnTRCTS 



POLICE I FIRE I RmBULRnCE 
EMERGENCY FREEQUENCY:_ 
CIUIL DEFEnCE: 



DIHL 



qn 



OTHER:. 



OETRWRY KIT 



DOCUMENTS 

D BIRTH & MRRRIRGE CERTIFICATES 
D DRIVERS LICENCES & PRSSPORTS 
D INSURANCE POLICIES 
D FRMILY PHOTOS 

PERDNRL ITEMS 

D TOWELS, TOOTHBRUSH, SORP, & OTHER 
SRNITRRY ITEMS 

D R CHANGE OF CLOTHES 



start with when disaster and chaos strike. 
Direions: Fill this out, keep it on gour fridge, and make 
sure evergone in the household understands their role in 
gour familg's an when and if angthing happens. 



SURVIVAL ITEMS 



ENOUGH FOR  
DAYS OR MORE 



FOOD & WRTER I 

D DRINKING WRTER: 

{ LITERS/DRY PER PERSON} 

D WRTER FOR WASHING S COOKING 

D NON-PERISHABLE FOOD {CANNED OR 
DRIED} 

DCRN OPENER 

D GRS GRILL TO COOK ON 



CHECK & REPLACE FOOD E WATER EVERY LRST CHECK 



 MONTHS 



OTHER EMERGENCY ITEMS 

D WRTERPROOF MATCHES 

D SPARE BATTERIES 

D RM/FM RRDIO S SPRRE BRTTERIES 

□ FIRST RID KIT RND ESSENTIRL MEDS 

D TOILET PAPER RND GRRBRGE BRGS 
FOR EMERGENCY TOILET 

□ PRRTICLE/DUST ITRSKS 
D PET SUPPLIES 

D PRRTICLE/DUST ITIRSKS 

D BLRFKETS OR SLEEPinC BRGS 

D UlinD/SnOUI/RRin-PROOF CLOTHinC 

□ DURRBLE FOOTUIERR 

D SUn PROTECTIOn {HRTS/SUnSCREEn} 

BRBIE & SfTlRLL CHILDREn 

D FOOD/FORmULR/B DRinK 

D DIRPERS & CHRIGE OF CLOTHinG 

D FRUORITE TOV/RCTIUITV 

OTHER SUPPLIES 

DHERRinG RIDS 

D GLRSSES/BinOCULRRS 

D mOBILITV RIDS 

D RSTHITR RnD RESPIRATORY RIDS 

D PERSCRIBED mEDICRTIOnS 

D 

□ 

□ 

□ 

□ 



we are alwags getting new survival items at infowarsshop.com so make sure to check regularlg for books, movies, flashlights, etc. 

INFWRRSHDP.COM 



 






 -,' 



GENETICALLY MODIFIED FOODS 



CORN, CANOLA OIL 



PEPSI 



© 



SILK SOY MILK 



KASHI 







 






NON-GM FOODS 



ORGANIC VALLEY 



CLIFBAR 



o 



TOFURKY 



AMY'S ICE CREAM 



kw to Amid §M Twd& Whm QwcetfStwpftuuj, 





MONSANTO. PEPSICO , COCA COLA . ODWALLA . SIMPLY ORANGE . HONCSTTEA 

KASHI . MORNING STAR . GARDENBURGER . &AR NAKED . KELLOGG H.W. 

KNUDSEN . SANTA CRUZ ORGANIC . HORIZON ORGAN KS . DEAN FOODS 

SMUCKER - ABBOTT NUTRITION . SIMILAC . RICH PRODUCTS . FRENCH 

MEADOW BAKERY & CAFE . LARABAR . GENERAL MILLS . CASCADIAN f ARM 

ORGANIC . MUIRGLEN . LIGHTLIFE . CONAGRA . ALEXIA . IZZE . NAKED 

COUNSEL FOR BIOTECHNOLOGY INFORMATION , GROCERY MANUFACTURERS 

ASSOCIATION , BIOTECHNOLOGY INDUSTRY ORGANIZATION 

Take this page with (fw th& mxt tiim you p fyw&f Shopping! 
w ww.i nfowa rs.com 



DR. JOSEPH MERCOLA , LUNDBERG . ORGANIC VALLEY , GLUTINO 

MOM'S ORGANIC MARKET . PACIFIC . EARTHBOUND FARM ORGANIC 

SUNFOODSUPERFOODS . ORGANIC CONSUMER ASSOCIATION . AMY'S 

NUTIVA . LATE MY , HEALTHFORCE WARRIOR fQRCE . EDEN . EDWARD 

& SONS NATIVE FOREST . TRAUSRGANIC . UNCLEMATTS 
ORGANELLE . TRADITIONAL MEDICINALS . NE W CHAPTER ORG ANICS 

GOOD EARTH NATURAL FOODS . FREY VINEYARDS . CLIFBAR 
NATURE'S PATH ORGANIC . DR. BRNNER r  MAGIC "ALL-ONE*. ANNIE'S 

UDIS GLUTEN FREE FOODS . EARTH BALANCE . MOTHERS MARKET 

, & ORGANCS- CALIFORNIA . SAMBAZON . TOFURKY . ABYSNLY 

ALEX BOGUSKY (FEARLESS REVOLUTION) . MICHAEL FUNK . PRESENCE 

MARKETING , BURROUGHS FAMILY FARM . BAKER CREEK 

HEIRLOOM SEEDS . MINTWOOD MEDIA COLLECTIVE 



crystal quest showere filter  purchase at infowarsshop.com 






> 



ME {ROTTEN EGG GDOR) 

[ !T  SEDIMENT, & OTHER ODORS 

PAUY MITAI Q iron oxides (rust water) 

LAV I IVIC. I ftL ^y(]p^& OTHER ODORS 



UM'CDCCTIPC 

llFF 




o iBnw nYincc /pii 






HEALTHY |N HOME DW 

HA&SIE FREE m 

mgmr safe ttsri 

COLLOIDAL SILVEJ 

KNOW VOUS FWJFJ*, 

eiLVElS'WSS' 




BOOSTS IE 

IMMUNE SYSTEM 



WMRErmfllM 





fiiiVQrLungs 

I CENEttATOR .^ 




AGAINST 




Chemicals, astics, 

oil, pesties, GMO 

produs, Agent Orange, 

DDT 




Itfs a deceptive, deey flawed food labeling 

sdiEitie that wwStf dd mare government 

bureaucracy and taxpayer casts, create new 

trivQEous lawsuits, and increase food costs by 

billions without providing any health pr safety 

benefits? ^Ifs full of special erest exemptions," 

"tt authorizes shakedown lawsuits' 




TOP CONTRIBUTORS 



PRODUCERS OF 



CONTRIBUTIONS 



WHY? 



RESULT 



I 



ENJOY YOUR 



FOR 



£!? 



JV| C 



y 

p 





/r 



# 



Organic, All Natural 
Food Ptad litis. 




You should have the right to know what's 
in your food.* "You'll have the information 

ynu need about foods that some physicians 

and scientists say are linked to allergies and 
other sign Ffi cant health risks." "Over  

countries around the world require labels for 
genetically modified foods." 







* 



 



INFWARS.COM 





M 



D^'lJ|Li|fc 




"SO LOOK, THERE ARE FIFTEEH 
MILLION VOTES OUT WERE WE 
HAVEN'T COUNTED YET. WHAT DO 
YOU WANT TO DO?" 

"HOW LONG HAVE THE POLLS 

BEEN CLOSED?" 
"LET'S SEE. TWO HOURS." 

"THE HELL WITH IT. LET'S CALL 

IT A DEFEAT FOR PROP ." 
"OKAY." 

This isn't over. 
We're not just looking at how many votes in 
California are still uncounted. We're not just 
guessing how it'll turn out and making little 
projeions. That's a sucker's game. 

We're looking at real symptoms of fraud, and fraud 
has tentacles and arms. If you see one piece of fraud, 
you keep digging for other pieces. You usually find them. 

Start with the incredibly early projeions made by 
media outlets on eleion night. Those projeions 
sank Prop . 

When you're in the middle of a football game and the 
outcome is still in doubt, if somebody suddenly sts 
the final score on the scoreboard, that's called a lie. 

It isn't an estimate or a guess or a prediion. It's a lie. 

There was once a day in American litics when news 
networks would wait for conclusive eleion results. 
They weren't greedily bent on rerting projeions 
soon and sooner and soonest. 

So let's get that projeion-brainwashing out of our 
heads, all right? 

The whole business of making early and earlier pre- 
diions on eleion night is a sham. And it has the 
effe of inducing people to tune out. 

"Okay, Jones won. That's that. What percentage of 
the votes have been counted? One half of one per- 
cent? Zero percent? Gee, I guess these prediion 
guys really know what they're doing. They must have 
some fabulous computer models, honey. Let's watch a 
CSI rerun..." 

Here is what happened on eleion night in California. 



With many millions of votes still not counted, televi- 
sion stations up and down the state sealed the fate of 
Prop , by saying it had lost. 

Many of those California votes are still uncounted. 
Yesterday, by consulting four of the  county regis- 
trars in the state, I found . million votes still unpro- 
cessed. That was chicken feed. 

An updated rert, as of noon today, November , 
sted at the California Secretary of State's website, 
indicates that, for all of California, a boggling . mil- 
lion votes remain uncounted. 

So who called the shots? Who made the early and 
grossly premature projeion on eleion night? Who told 
all the media outlets that Prop  had been defeated? 

I suspeed it was Edison Media Research, an outfit 
that works for the National Eleion Pool (NEP). NEP 
is a media consortium that supies eleion-night 
information to the press. This morning I ske with a 
representative of Edison, who told me they didn't make 
the projeion on Prop . 

If true, that leaves Associated Press (AP) as the lead- 
ing suspe. AP is part of the National Eleion Pool as 
well. AP has awesome resources. 

I ske with Erin Madigan White, media relations 
manager at AP. I asked her whether AP had made the 
projeions for Prop  to media outlets. 

She emailed me the following tidbit. It was not quite 
an answere to my question, but it was illuminating: 

"To clarify: AP does not make 'projeions,' but 
bases our rerting on counting real votes from every 
precin. As our story notes specifically, 'With all the 
state's precins rerting, Prosition  failed . 
percent to . percent.'" 

When someone gives you this kind of sleight-of-hand 
maneuver, it's called a clue. Let's start with this phrase: 
"With all the state's precins rerting." The precins 
were all rerting PARTIAL results. Even today, there 
are . million votes in CA still to be counted. 

This tells you that AP was lying. That's right. Let's 
call it what it was. They were lying about "all pre- 
cins." It was an entional con. 

And what does the phrase "bases our rerting on 
counting real votes" mean? It certainly means "calling 
the result of an eleion." Because that's exaly what 
AP did with Prop , based on partial results, on Nov.. 
That's a projeion. They say they don't make projec- 
tions, but they do. That's another lie. 

On eleion night, I believe AP must have been the 

PRISNPLANET.COM 



entity who passed voting information on Prop  to 
media outlets throughout California. 

AP will not speak about their business relationships 
with media outlets. They will not name those outlets. 
They claim "client confidentiality" on this matter. 
Why? 

I believe the answere is obvious. AP, the giant wire 
service, doesn't want people to know how much 
influence they have on what media outlets rert. AP 
doesn't want the public to know how much of the news, 
everywhere, comes from AP. And media outlets don't 
want their own customers to know how much of what 
they rert is really flat-out or recycled AP material. 

This wereful AP influence certainly would extend 
to eleion-night rerting. 

Knowing how the National Eleion Pool basically 
works, I see no other entity who could have ayed 
that information-provider role for all the networks, TV 
stations, radio stations, websites, and newspapers in 
California... and in the country, on this past eleion 
night, with respe to Prop . 

With millions of votes outstanding and uncounted, I 
conclude it was AP who provided the data to the net- 
works, who then made the early calls against Prop  
and sank it. 

After sting an original article, which exsed 
the big lie about Prop  early projeions, I received 
many emails. 

Most of the emailers stated they were glad to get the 
information. A few people questioned my rert. They 
said, "Well, a hundred percent of voting precins have 
already sent their vote-counts to the Secretary of State 
of California." 

Wrong. A hundred percent of precins have sent 
PARTIAL vote- counts to the Secretary of State. 

A few people said, "Well, the counties in California, 
who are in charge of counting all votes in their dis- 
tris, have several weeks to wrap up the count. That 
happens in every eleion. Nothing new there." 

I know that. My attack is leveled at the early call 
against Prop  given to the media, on eleion night, 
when so many votes were still uncounted, when there 
was no way to know the final outcome. 

A few people said, "Well, of the votes that remain to 
be counted in California, about two-thirds would have 
to go YES ON  to swing  over o viory. That 
won't happen." 

Let's leave that question to the aual vote-count. But 

 




ENERHEALTH 

BOTANICALS" 

ORGANIC PRODUCTS 
FOR THE MIND. BODY, & SOUL 




COGOA 
MOJO 



ORGANIC COCOA POWDEEi 



umm iisalti [hotanicaI-s.com 
--- 



we're not only talking about the odds 
of getting a viory through counting 
the rest of the votes. With these hor- 
rendous early projeions, we're look- 
ing at a symptom of huge fraud here. 
The smoke in front of the fire: 

Who can guarantee that the votes 
already tallied in California were done 
faithfully and honestly? Who can 
guarantee that the voting machines 
were accurately recording votes? 

Given AP's reies to me, and their 
licy of secrecy about their media 
clients, who wants to trust that news 
giant? 

Concerning machine vote-fraud, 
wake up and smell the coffee. See Bev 
Has' work at blackboxvoting.org 
and also Vioria Collier's imrtant 
articles on this subje. Read up on 
the  Bush-Gore fiasco and the 
 Bush-Kerry voting nightmare 
(especially in Ohio). 

Many people have emailed me to 
ask, "What can we do now?" First of 
all, the YES ON  people have to for- 
get about their concession of defeat. 
They need to get busy and look 
o vote fraud. 

They have to come back to the ay- 
ing field. 

To return to the football analogy, if you're in the middle of 
the game and somebody suddenly sts the final score on the 
scoreboard, do you hang your head and walk off and accept 
the loss? Is that what you do? 

Do you bow down to the system, because you're afraid that, 
if you obje, people will label you "sour grapes" and crazy? 
Or do you become more relentless? 

YES ON  needs to demand to look at the voting machines, 
the software used in the vote-count. YES ON  needs to 
probe, with all they have, o what AP did on eleion night. 
And that's just for starters. Bring on the lawyers. Make some 
real waves. Shake people up. 

Think about this as well. Why was Prop  launched in 
California? Why not Arkansas or Louisiana? 

Because it's well-known that California, historically and 
presently, is the core of the natural health movement in 
America. CA is where it really took hold and spread. CA is 
where everybody and his brother want gluten-free bicycles 




and organic streetlamps and raw unpas- 
teurized sunglasses and GMO-free 
underwear. 

The sentiment for Prop  was over- 
whelming a coue of months ago. Then, 
boom. Everything went the other way. It 
wasn't just the NO ON  ads. It wasn't 
just the massive spending by the NO ON 
 forces. 

The real speer of vote fraud is here, 
whether you like it or not. 

If, indeed, AP made the early rerts 
or projeions or suggestions or advices 
of defeat for  to media outlets, let's see 
their data and their models of erpre- 
tation. Did they do exit lls? I've never 
heard of AP conduing exit lls. 

If as AP claims, they don't do projec- 
tions, are we supsed to believe they 
sent out nothing more than raw-vote 
counts to a few thousand media outlets 
in California, and each and every one 
of those outlets decided, on their own, 
through their own analysis, that Prop 
 was a lost cause early on eleion 
night? 

Don't believe that for a second. These 
local TV stations and newspapers aren't 
independent enough to do that kind of 
projeing on their own. They were tak- 
ing advice from somewhere. They were 
all falling o line. They were merely mouthpieces for some- 
one's projeion. 

This should trouble you. It should trouble you greatly. Unless 
you're so enamored of projeions and computer modeling and 
data erpretation and honest and honorable vote machines 
that you're sure everything is just fine and dandy. 

Early dismissive projeions on eleion night are part and 
parcel of the Big Con. They are wands waved that put people 
to sleep and eleions to bed. 
So, no, Virginia. No. Everything is not okay. 
The author of an exosive colleion, THE MATRIX 
REVEALED, Jon was a candidate for a U.S. Congressional 
seat in the th Distri of California. Nominated for a 
Pulitzer Prize, he has worked as an investigative rerter 
for  years and has delivered leures and seminars to 
audiences around the world. You can sign up for his free 
emails at www.nomorefakenews.com and read more articles 
at http://jonraprt.wordpress.com 

CAL BEN 

FIV 

STAR 

SOAP PRODUCTS 





NWPUYINGCARDS.COM 



r /( im/a/ 

-AiiNAium smm 
... 



INFWARS.COM 



HEIGHTEN YOUR AWARENESS 
INCREASE YOUR KNOWLEDGE 

DISCOVER THE TRUTH 

WITH THESE NEWEST ARRIVALS 

AVAILABLE AT 

IMFO 

 MS 

ONLINE STORE 



'DEAD 
'WRONG 




STRAIGHT IACTSONTHE COUNTRY'S 
MOST CONTROVERSIAL COVKR-UPS 



OHAMA'S SHOCKING PLANS 
 OR THE NEXT FOUR YEARS EXPOSED 







FOOL ME 
T^^E 



AAKON Kit IN 
L ENDA |. ELLIOTT 



.WHO REALLY OWNS YOUR HOME? 



wnfrai 

WWW.WELDONHENSON.COM 



iDECEMBER 



BROKEN SPOKE 



iPngPKtn *,Ti,rt&i |*& 



CLaUDSAREGHSTS.COM 




DOWNLOAD TWO FREE ALBDH 



CLWPEP *"!TL* 



AMERICAN POLICE AND MILITARY ACTION 

PLAN FOR STOPPING; TOTALITARIAN 

WORLD GOVERNMENT RULE 




''"' LH-..I; 



NATO'S DAGGER AT Tl IE 

HEAR] OL EUROPE 

THE PTNTAGON-NAZI-MAFA 



IBIPI!!!!! 



DR.MUMBAI 

MUSIC FOH THE FBBfi BAR 




Bill*" °*^„„, n  Ki



cult of conspiracy 



BOHEMIAN 



II Fluoride 




C«£t iif-CkMMptaflsjf 




 IOW I [AZARDOUS WASTE ENDED UP IN 

OUR DRINKING WATER AND THE BAD 

SCIENCE AND POWERFUL POLITICS 

THAT KEEP IT THERE 


jgL 


WWW.INFWARSSHP.COM 




 BANDS BENEFIT SHOW FOR 



JUSTUSFRIENDS & LOREN'SHOPE 



Teaching Tartar 



ian fcids seH-susEainabcii' 
and enfrepreriGursJiip 



DEC. AT THE BELMONT DOORS : 

AQUAJONES.COMI 



INFOWARS SPECIAL REPORT: 

THE DANGERS OF 
ASPARTAME 

o 



written by MELISSA MELTON 



n O. , NBC news put out an article attempt- 
ing to refute a recent study published in the 
American Journal of Clinical Nutrition which 
found that drinking as little as one diet soda 
sweetened with Aspartame per day could cause an 
increased risk of leukemia and lymphoma in adults. 

Claiming the study was "weak science," NBC news 
failed to mention the fa that this latest research is the 
most thorough on aspartame to date, involving more 
than  million years of human life data spanning  
years from more than , women and , men. 

The NBC story also claims "Few rerters read that 
journal," in reference to American Journal of Clinical 
Nutrition, even though it was seleed by the Special 
Libraries Association as one of the top  most 
influential journals in Biology and Medicine in the 
last  years. 

Aspartame (otherwise known by its brand names 
NutraSweet and Equal or alternate monicker 
Acesulfame Potassium) is one of the most widely used 
artificial sweeteners on the market today. Found in 
thousands of foods and beverages including chewing 
gum, candies, diet soft drinks, desserts, yogurt, condi- 
ments and even vitamins and pharmaceuticals, aspar- 
tame is not limited only to 
"sugar-free" diet produs. It 
is virtually imssible to find 
commercially available gum 
that does not contain aspar- 
tame these days. 

The average grocery store 
is rife with aspartame-filled 
produs, so it would likely 
surprise the average con- 
sumer to find that it took 
the U.S. Food and Drug 
Administration (FDA) more 
than  years to approve 
aspartame's use. 

What is aspartame exaly, 
and if its so healthy and safe, 
why did it take so long for 
the FDA to approve it? 

Aspartame is the excre- 
ment of genetically mod- 
ified E. coli baeria. It is 
comprised of  percent 
aspartic acid,  percent 
phenylalanine and  per- 
cent methanol. Aspartic acid 
as as a neurotransmitter, 
and too much can anually 



FIGURE  



PUBLICATION 



over-excite the cells (known as an "excitotoxin"), thus 
stimulating them to death. Keep in mind, the blood 
brain baer cannot prevent this in many people, as it 
does not fully prote all areas of the brain, especially in 
someone already suffering from other chronic diseases 
and disorders, and the baer is not fully developed in 
children. While phenylalanine is an amino acid already 
present in the brain, excess levels can cause serotonin 
to decrease over time, which can lead to chemical 
imbalances that cause depression and other mood 
and emotional disorders. Methanol is an industrial 
solvent, is used as fuel and antifreeze, and is a main 



MILLIONS OF PEOPLE 
CONSUME ASPARTAME 
EVERY SINGLE DAY, IT WAS 
NEVER TESTED ON HUMANS 
PRIOR TO ITS APPROVAL. 



ingredient in many pas and varnish removers. The 
U.S. Environmental Proteion Agency (EPA) warns 
that methanol ingestion may result in neurological 
damage (specifically "permanent motor dysfunion") 




and visual disturbances leading to blurred or dimmed 
vision and eventually blindness. 

While Searle Pharmaceuticals attempted to attain 
approval for aspartame in the late s, due to multie 
studies provided on the negative effes of the chemical 
in lab animals  including the fa that it anually ate 
holes in their brains  the FDA set up a public board of 
inquiry to investigate the matter in . Based on the 
findings, the board found that aspartame might cause 
cancer and concluded the sweetener could not be put 
on the market until further testing was cometed. It 



American Journal of 
Clinical Nutrition 



Appetite 



Conta Dermatitis 



Drug and Chemical 
Toxicology 



Journal of Biosciences 



Neurotoxicity 
Research 



Nutrition and 
Metabolism 



PLS One 



TITLE 



Consumption of artificial sweetener and sugar-containing soda and risk of 
lymphoma and leukemia in men and women 



Saccharin and aspartame, compared with sucrose, induce greater weight gain in 
adult Wistar rats, at similar total caloric ake levels 



Systemic allergic dermatitis presumably caused by formaldehyde derived from 
aspartame 



Long-term consumption of aspartame and brain antioxidant defense status 



Effe of chronic exsure to aspartame on oxidative stress in the brain of 
albino rats 



Effe of aspartame on oxidative stress and monoamine neurotransmitter levels 
in lilysaccharide-treated mice 



Interaive effes of neonatal exsure to monosodium glutamate and 
aspartame on glucose homeostasis 



Gender dimorphism in aspartame-induced impairment of spatial cognition and 
insulin sensitivity 



 



INFWARS.COM 





y^e&M^ 




Methyl Ester 

PffeoyialdRiM 
Dipee 




got pushed through anyway after Ronald Reagan fired 
the FDA commissioner, reacing him with someone 
who would rubber stamp aspartame for his friend and 
Searle CEO  Donald Rumsfeld. Searle went on to 
make billions, Monsanto purchased Searle in , and 
Rumsfeld was later named U.S. Secretary of Defense. 

Although millions of people consume aspartame 
every single day, it was never even tested on humans 
prior to its approval. 

The truth is many scientific studies have empirically 
shown the detrimental effes of aspartame over the 
years. While NBC can attempt to discount this latest 
study linking aspartame to cancer, can the mainstream 
media really spin the hundreds of studies that have 
proven aspartame is toxic and harmful to our health? 
The table below gives a smattering of aspartame stud- 
ies published in scientific and medical journals listed 
on the National Institutes of Health website just this 
past year: see figure . 

Moreover, why would the media continue to shill 
for an artificial sweetener? As best-selling author and 
osteopathic physician Dr. Joseph Mercola s out: 

"Can you imagine the liability the food and beverage 
industries, not to mention virtually every public health 
agency in the U.S., would face were there convincing 
evidence that aspartame is carcinogenic? They simy 
cannot afford such evidence to be accepted." 

The mainstream media isn't the only information 
source continually refuting the dangers of aspartame. 
The Aspartame Information Center at Aspartame, 
org claims that scientific studies on everything from 
aspartame-induced brain tumors to seizures to weight 
gain are merely "myths." It shouldn't surprise many to 
find that Aspartame.org and its information center are 
run by the Calorie Control Council, an ernational 
association they admit represents "manufaurers and 
supiers of low- and reduced-calorie foods." 



Dr. Mercola notes that aspartame anually accounts 
for over  percent of adverse food additive reaions 
rerted to the FDA, including: 

"Headaches/migraines, dizziness, seizures, nausea, 
numbness, muscle spasms, weight gain, rashes, depres- 
sion, fatigue, itability, tachycardia, insomnia, vision 
problems, hearing loss, heart palpitations, breathing 
difficulties, anxiety attacks, slurred speech, loss of 
taste, tinnitus, vertigo, memory loss, and jo pain." 

In fa, the EPA even lists aspartame as a "chemical 
with substantial evidence of developmental neurotox- 
icity" on its database of developmental neurotoxicants. 

If You Like Aspartame, You'll Love Neotame 

In the late-s, Monsanto geared up to unleash a 
new sweetener on the masses: neotame. 

Scientists based this new artificial sweetener on 
aspartame, but after "enhancing" the dipeptide 
base, they created a chemical  times sweeter than 
aspartame. Neotame is everything aspartame is, us 
-dimethylbutyl. A member of the sec-Hexyl acetate 
family, -dimethylbutyl is listed by the EPA and the 
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) as a 
hazardous chemical. The CDC warns one should seek 
immediate medical attention if it is swallowed, as it 
targets the central nervous and respiratory systems. 

Dr. H. J. Roberts, M.D., who presented material to 
show "Aspartame Disease" is a global epidemic at the 
First International Conference on Emerging Diseases, 
has testified that neotame was approved without 
any long-term independent studies purely for profit 
because aspartame's patent expired. Despite the fa 
that all of the studies on neotame were short-term and 
entirely Monsanto- or corrate-erest funded, the 
FDA approved it in  anyway. 



DR. MERCOLA NOTES THAT 
ASPARTAME ACTUALLY 
ACCOUNTS FOR OVER  
PERCENT OF ADVERSE FOOD 
ADDITIVE REACTIONS 



In a nation where genetically modified food label- 
ing initiatives fail simy because biotech companies 
are willing to spend millions waging disinformation 
campaigns to defeat them, what does "safe" food even 
mean anymore? The very companies that profit off 
genetically modified food are the ones that pay for the 
"scientific studies" to sell their produ to the public. 

Guess it all depends who you ask. 

"Monsanto should not have to vouchsafe the safety 
of biotech food. Our erest is in selling as much of it 
as ssible. Assuring its safety is the FDA's job."  Phil 
Angell, Monsanto's direor of corrate communica- 
tions, quoted in The New York Times, O. , . 

Melissa Melton is a rerter for the Infowars Nightly 
News and a frequent contributing writer on www. 
infowars.com. She holds a master's degree in ciminol- 
ogy and she is a passionate advocate for liberty and 
bringing the New World Order to justice. 



PRISNPLANET.COM 




THR, RSH, 

FUME. SHELL 

POLLUTION 
nTDBKCD! 



THE CIG 



( 



OQ 



to 
 

o 



is 



en 
t 

o 

Q. 

-!- 

I 

£ 




I'T 
CATCH YOUR 

TREE 

ON FIRE. 




LECI.Cm 

BB..SBH 



dkp TTTin irmwi - rinirn mwrwii Tnnrir mr rr  ii r~nrir to 












HERBAL HEALER 
ACADEMY INC. 



SINCE  



HEALING THE WORLD 

WITH NATURE 



HERBAL HEALER PROVIDES NATURAL 
SUPPLEMENTS, CORRESPONDENCE 
COURSES, INFORMATIVE NEWSLETTERS 
AND INFORMATION ON OUR ONGOING 
RESEARCH FOR OUR MEMBERS. 



VITAMINS SUPPLEMENTS TEA 
OILS EXTRACTS MEDICINE 



LEARN MORE AT: 

WWW.HERBALHBALER.COM 

--- 





ABORTED FETAL CELLS 
WI-, PER C and MRC-, 

two cell lines that origi- 
nate from aborted babies 
are used to produce many 
U.S. -made vaccines such 
as Chickenx, Measles, 
Mumps, Rubella, Shingles 
and Hepatitis A. 




written by KURT NIMMO 








GROWTH RATE OF MILITARIZED COPS ON THE RISE 



A recently released Bureau of Justice Statistics rert demonstrates the 
unprecedented growth of local law enforcement in the United States. The 
survey was condued with agencies participating in the  Census of 
State and Local Law Enforcement Agencies, including local lice depart- 
ments, sheriffs' offices and agencies in  states. The results were released by the 
Justice Department in November. 



A RESPONSE TO CRIME DOES NOT FACTOR INTO THE EQUATION. 
STATISTICS REVEAL THAT LAW ENFORCEMENT GREW ITS 
RANKS DESPITE A SIGNIFICANT DECLINE IN CRIME. ACCORDING 
TO FBI NUMBERS, MURDER, RAPE AND ROBBERY WENT DOWN 
IN THE UNITED STATES IN  FOR A FIFTH CONSECUTIVE YEAR. 
COMPARED WITH , THE LATEST FIGURES SHOW VIOLENT 
CRIME DOWN . PERCENT OVERALL AND PROPERTY CRIME 
REDUCED BY . PERCENT. JUSTICE DEPARTMENT FIGURES 
ALSO SHOW THE CRIME-RATE FELL TO AN ALL-TIME LOW IN . 



"The falling crime rate amid the worst economic downturn since the Great 
Depression has puzzled some criminologists, since crime historically spikes during 
hard times," the Christian Science Monitor rerted in June. 

MORE COPS, MORE MILITARIZED 

Despite the decline in crime, lice departments around the country are not only expe- 
riencing increased growth but are rapidly transforming o paramilitary organizations, 
a phenomenon that is encouraged and often funded by the federal government. Forbes 
rerted last year that the Department of Homeland Security granted local cops a stag- 
gering $ billion that was spent on "necessary tools" like BearCats and other armored 
personnel vehicles, tools more appropriate for combat duty than domestic lice duties. 

In , , us federal, state and local agencies accepted more than $. 
billion in donated military equipment, much of it used in Iraq and Afghanistan. 
The combat equipment and lavish funding provided by the federal government 
are ended for all-inclusive counter-narcotics and counter-terrorism enforcement 



aivities, Forbes notes. 

A study condued by the Center for Investigative Rerting examined open spend- 
ing records in  states. The examination found local law enforcement spending 
money on large stockpiles of weans and military proteive equipment "worthy of 
a defense contraor's sales catalog," The Daily Beast wrote in December . 

"The buying spree has transformed local lice departments o small, army-like 
forces, and put imidating equipment o the hands of civilian officers. And that is 
raising questions about whether the strategy has gone too far, creating a culture and 
capability that jeopardizes public safety and civil rights while creating an expensive 
false sense of security." 



ACCORDING TO THE REPORT, 
BETWEEN  AND  THE 
CUMULATIVE NUMBER OF FULL- 
TIME POLICE PERSONNEL GREW BY 
 PERCENT. IN  THERE WERE 
, FULL-TIME SWORN OFFI- 
CERS EMPLOYED IN THE UNITED 
STATES. THE NUMBER WAS , 
IN . THIS REPRESENTS AN 
ANNUAL GROWTH RATE OF . PER- 
CENT, WHICH EXCEEDS THE . PER- 
CENT POPULATION GROWTH RATE 
IN THE UNITED STATES. 



C w 



D wth 



nnualJi^Y 



rate 



i&V&Ati** 



i i i i i i i i i i i 

            



PENTAGON PUSH TO MILITARIZE POLICE 

In , according to Jeremy Kuzmarov writing for the LA Progressive, the 
Pentagon produced a paper documenting how the Office of Public Safety in South 
Vietnam was resnsible for "stimulating U.S. industry to develop new and improved 
lice equipment" and creating a formidable lice-industrial comex. 



PRISNPLANET.COM 



 



"The s and s have seen marked changes 
in the number of state and local paramilitary units, 
in their mission and deoyment, and in their taical 
armament," a rert issued by the CATO Institute in 
 notes. At that time, "nearly  percent of the 
lice departments surveyed in cities with pulations 
over , had paramilitary units, as did  percent 
of the departments surveyed in communities with p- 
ulations under ,." 

"Congress has encouraged the U.S. military to supy 
elligence, equipment, and training to civilian lice," 
CATO continues. "That encouragement has spawned a 
culture of paramilitarism in American lice depart- 
ments. By virtue of their training and specialized arma- 
ment, state and local lice officers are adopting the 
taics and mindset of their military mentors." 

According to the California Emergency Management 
Agency, the National Defense Authorization A 
authorizes the Secretary of Defense to transfer excess 
Department of Defense personal property to federal, 
state and local law enforcement agencies "with special 
emphasis given to counter drug and counter terrorism." 

Reagan's War on Drugs in the mid-s set the stage 
for the destruion of Posse Comitatus, the  law 
instituted at the end of Reconstruion following the 
Civil War that limited the weres of local governments 
and law enforcement agencies in the use of federal 
military personnel. Congress further eroded Posse 
Comitatus and began rapidly militarizing local law 
enforcement in  when it established an adminis- 
trative apparatus to facilitate cooperation and collabo- 
ration between the mi\litary and lice. 

President Bush augmented this growth when he 
created six regional task forces in  within the 
Department of Defense charged with coordinating 
anti-drug efforts by the military and civilian lice 
departments around the country. By the early s, 
lice had at their dissal high-tech military hard- 
ware previously reserved for use during wartime. 

THE ROLE OF MILITARIZED COPS IN 
SUPPRESSING DOMESTIC DISSENT 

The philosophy and taics evolving from Reagan's 
War on Drugs are also emoyed by the state to counter 



litical aivity it considers a threat. 

"The continuity in pattern is evident today, with many 
lice officers still coming from military backgrounds, 
being trained along paramilitary lines in the use of 
advanced military technologies and developing what 
former Seattle lice chief Norm Stamper charaer- 
ized as a SWAT mentality, where all demonstrators are 
treated as enemies of the state," Kuzmarov exains. 

The massive presence of militarized lice at the pres- 
idential conventions earlier this year exses the real 
purse behind the militarization and unprecedented 
growth of domestic law enforcement despite falling 
crime rates: the United States is a highly sophisticated 
and often increasingly brutal lice state. The primary 
enemy is not al-Qaeda, white supremacists, anarchists, 
or even violent drug gangs - the enemy is a far more 
dangerous threat to the state: the American people, 
in particular Americans motivated to seek litical 
change and overturn the status quo of the ruling elite 
outside the rigged parameters it has established for 
litical aivity. 

As Occupy aivists last year and demonstrators at 
the establishment litical conventions this year dis- 
covered, militarized cops and riot lice now routinely 

Cumulative percent growth in number of full 
time sworn personnel emoyed by general pur- 
se state and local law enforcement agencies 




O K 



 I  I OO I  I  

SHERRIF'S OFFICE | ALL AGENCIES | LOCAL POLICE | STATE 



and without hesitation use rubber pellets, mace, batons 
and pepper spray to prevent the litical opsition 
from voicing meaningful protest. 

Alex S. Vitale, associate professor in sociology at 
Brooklyn College, told Arun Gupta of AlterNet in 
September that he pins "ense changes" in 
lice behavior to the  World Trade Organization 
Ministerial in Seattle. "Policing is more militarized 
or pre-emptive depending on the department." 

Since that time, lice have concentrated on "mass 
arrests, infiltration and surveillance" and orchestrated 
lice riots in conjunion with shooting tear gas 
and rubber bullets o non-violent crowds, as they 
did at the Democratic National Convention in . 
Following the Seattle lice riot, the establishment 
emoyed a "more militarized resnse" to dissent. 

The message that any significant litical demonstra- 
tion will invite a brutal resnse from the state was not 
lost on the Occupy movement. 

Erik Kain, writing for Forbes last November at the 
height of the Occupy demonstrations on Wall Street, 
said we should "make no mistake, the weres of 
the lice in this country have grown out of hand.... 
Occupy Wall Street may need to grow up and evolve, 
but a far greater and more pressing issue facing this 
country is what to do about the security state we've 
ereed about us at the local, state, and federal level. 
Between the Patriot A and the War on Drugs, it's hard 
to see a light at the end of the tunnel." 

For the Occupy movement, there was no light at the 
end of the tunnel as they naively struggled to resurre 
their movement. Local lice departments around the 
country colluded with the Department of Homeland 
Security in a coordinated effort to destroy the move- 
ment and send a strong message to aivists around 
the country: organized litical dissent will not be tol- 
erated and will be met with militarized lice armed 
to the teeth with equipment provided by the Pentagon 
and paid for by generous grants from the Department 
of Homeland Security. 

Kurt Nimmo is the editor at www.infowars.com 
and the author of "Another Day in the Empire: Life in 
Neoconservative America." 



give me LiBerty o£ give me KeaClh; Stavery is not an Option! I Utopia Silver understands that mainstream medicine 

& the rising cost of health care can finaciallv dcstroi 



UTOPIA* 'SILVER 



MilhktcMHM; 



of Natural Healing 

Using Colloidal Silver; 
Colloidal Gold, & Oth 
Minerals, Vitamins, & Herbs 



& the rising cost of health care can finacially destroy 
any family. We simy cannot afford to get sicjt; the " 
only option is to stay Iraalthy. ^K A* % 



Natural Healinj^r gfooo  s: 
Cardiovascular Rebauldin^ 
Vaccine & DetoxiflcatioS 



w** 







olloidal Silver 
Colloidal Gold 
iant Minerals 
Zeolite 
Iodine 



Radiation Exsure 
Immune Booster, 
Flu & Cold /^t 




-rs* 




First Time Customei Offer 

% off Coftofdaf Stiver 

CafI lit Only 

... 



% Christmas Discount;  
Use Promo Code: ALEX 



ETEI iSH 




DEAF 



DWTU 



Dead Doors Don't Lie is 
an alternative health "tell all" 
that makes doors cringe. It 
is a reference guide on nutri- 
tional supements for nearly 
 different diseases. 






Dr. Wallach looks beyond 
written history and search- 
es for clues that reveal the 
events, technology and the 
forces that have led humanity 
down the path of a pandemic 
of obesity. 



Let's Play Door shows you 
how to read a medical pre- 
scription and how to erpret 
lab rerts and how to use 
vitaminsrminerals and herbs 
for the treatment of  of the 
most common diseases. 



This book reveals the secrets 
of the longest enduring 
cultures and how they_ _^^ 
maained long life. It also 
examines religious dietary 
praices and anti- aging 
techniques. 



AVAILABLE NOW AT INFWARSSHP.COM 




AfifltfM EWP COMPAS 




INFOWARS 

RADIO 

S 



^ 



WHERE IN THE CONSTITUTION DOES IT SAY 
THE GOVERNMENT 



M 








V:J 





' % \ ^ 


V 


 


* wk 




>***^ 


VFIl 




£jf 






S^J 


^jfl 


 /ASA 









JU 



^>lp- 



m. S. -. 



S 



rck 






THE FOURTH AMENDMENT: 



The U.S. Supreme Court began hearings in the case of 
Jardines v. Florida O.  to decide if Joelis Jardines' 
Fourth Amendment rights were violated when lice 
searched his home without a warrant. Instead, the only 
evidence they had to go on was the "fa" that their drug-sniffing 
dog alerted outside Jardines' front door. 

In , after receiving an anonymous crime-stopper's tip that 
Jardines was trafficking in marijuana, officers showed up out- 
side Jardines' door. The officers had no evidence other than the 
anonymous tip. Without reasonable evidence they were unable 



to obtain a search warrant, so they decided to bring along their 
drug-sniffing dog. 

When Jardines opened his door to the officers, Franky alerted 
his handler, indicating the presence of drugs inside the home. 
The officers used the alert as probable cause, entered the prem- 
ises and condued a search, eventually arresting Jardines when 
they found marijuana. 

At issue is not the fa that Jardines had marijuana in his home. 
At issue is how the lice found it. Is it legal for lice officers to 
use their K- corps to sniff around outside your home based solely 



 



written by DONNA ANDERSON 

THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT IS USING THE WAR ON DRUGS AS AN 
EXCUSE TO DENY OUR CIVIL RIGHTS, ERASING THE FOURTH AMENDMENT 
ONE WORD AT A TIME. THE FOURTH AMENDMENT STATES THAT OFFICERS 
MUST HAVE REASONABLE CAUSE TO SEARCH YOUR HOME AND SEIZE YOUR 
PROPERTY, BUT RECENT EVENTS INDICATE ALL THEY NEED IS A REASON - 
AND IT DOESN'T EVEN HAVE TO BE A GOOD ONE. IN FACT, IF THEY WANT 
TO, THEY CAN JUST MAKE ONE UP - ALL IT TAKES IS AN ANONYMOUS TIP. 

INFWARS.COM 



on an anonymous tip? And if that dog alerts, are 
they then legally allowed to enter your home and 
condu a warrantless search? Gregory Garre, the 
attorney representing the State of Florida seems to 
think it's perfely justified: 

"The lice 'did the same thing that millions of 
Americans will do on Halloween night, which is walk 
up to the front steps, knock on the door, and while they 
were there, they took in the air and the dog alerted to 
the smell of illegal narcotics.'" 

In this case though, Jardines couldn't simy turn off 
his rch light and tell the trick- or- tr eaters to go home. 
Because the dog had alerted, the lice officers now 
had probable cause to search Jardines' home, and he 
was forced to allow them to enter. Had he refused he 
would have been arrested for obstruing the search. 

Jardines' lawyer, Public Defender Howard 
Blumberg, believes the lice aion constituted ille- 
gal search and seizure and violates Jardines' Fourth 
Amendment rights. 

"The entire history of the Fourth Amendment really 
is based on the fa that the home is different," says 
Jardines' lawyer, Howard Blumberg. "It goes all the 
way back to the early s and the saying that a man's 
home is his castle." 

The Florida State Supreme Court agreed with 
Blumberg. The case now stands before the U.S. Supreme 
Court and is expeed to be decided by June . 

Before you say Jardines got what he deserved because 
he had marijuana in his home, stop and think about 
your own home. Do you know who lived there before 
you? Maybe they left some marijuana seeds in a crack 
in the floor somewhere. Have you had house guests 
recently? What if they had marijuana in a suitcase 
while they were visiting? Jardines' case is just one of 
many. It could happen to you next. 

The Fourth Amendment guarantees, "The right of the 
people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, 
and effes, against unreasonable searches and sei- 
zures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall 
issue, but un probable cause, suprted by Oath or 
affirmation, and particularly describing the ace to be 
searched, and the persons or things to be seized." 

The Fourth Amendment is generally held to mean 
that a search warrant must be judicially sanioned, 
meaning it must be issued by a judge who is sworn to 
suprt the Constitution of the United States. Before 
being issued, specific information suprting proba- 
ble cause must be supied and sworn to by a person, 
usually an officer of the law, who will then be held 
accountable to the issuing court. 

An "anonymous" tip hardly qualifies as "suprted by 
Oath or affirmation" but apparently these days that's 
all it takes to send out the drug-sniffing dogs. 

LEGALLY, ALL YOUR 

PROPERTY 

MAY BE SEIZED 

Under current asset forfeiture laws, the lice have 
the were to seize all your property simy by claiming 
it has some conneion to illegal drugs or trafficking. 
They don't have to prove you committed a crime, and 
they don't even have to accuse you. If they see you 



have a large amount of cash they can seize it, claim the 
money was conneed with a crime, and you have to 
prove you're innocent and that you obtained the money 
legally before you can reclaim it. 

Sadly, if you're carrying a large amount of cash that 
means you probably don't have a lot left in the bank, 
so you don't have enough money left to hire a lawyer. 
And since the law allows the authorities to keep your 
money until you prove your innocence, the cops have 
an incentive to make false accusations, seize your 
money, and then hope you don't have enough money 
left to defend yourself. 

The easiest way for the lice to conne your 
money or property to illegal drug aivity is to have 
one of their drug dogs come in and give it a sniff. 
Once those dogs alert your assets are gone. And 
there's no doubt about it - if the dogs are there, 
they'll find something to bark about. Just ask any out- 
of-state driver who happens to be traveling one of our 
nation's many erstate highways, more commonly 
known as drug codors. 

YOU'RE AN EASY MARK 
ON THE HIGHWAY, TOO. 




Using the War on Drugs as their cover story, every U.S. 
state has what they call a "drug codor," a seion of 
highway they monitor, looking for "drug traffickers." Oc- 
casionally they find one, but since they monitor the traf- 
fic leaving the state, not the traffic coming in, it's more 
likely all they're really going to find in those "drug" cars 
is money. And that's just the way they like it. 
More often than not, though, it's the average citizen 
who pays the price and helps pads the state's coffers. 
Take Jerome Chennault, for exame. 

In , Chennault was traveling between Henderson, 
Nevada, and his home in South Carolina when he was 
pulled over in Edwardsville, ., for following another 

PRISNPLANET.COM 



car too closely. The officer asked Chennault to step out 
of his car for questioning, which would understandably 
make anyone nervous. 

The officer became "suspicious" of Chennault because 
he had an "inappropriate laugh," so he asked Chennault 
if he could search his car. Given the circumstances, the 
only thing Chennault could say was, "Yes." Had he 
refused, the cop would have either followed him down 
the road or found some other reason to push the issue. 
Easier to agree and get it over with, right? 

During the search, the officer found $, in a 
side cket of Chennault's travel bag in his backseat, 
and under current laws law enforcement officials are 
allowed to seize assets they suspe are tied to illegal 
aivities. But how could the cop tie this cash to illegal 
aivities when there was nothing else in the car? Call 
in the drug-sniffing dogs, of course. Surely, that dog 
can find something. 

And sure enough, when the dog aved on the scene 
it took one whiff of that money and alerted the handler 
that it smelled drugs. Chennault's $, was imme- 
diately confiscated, and he was dragged off to jail. 

As it turns out, Chennault was carrying a lot of cash 
because he was anning to buy a house. He told offi- 
cials that he'd withdrawn $, in cash from his own 
account in Las Vegas and "had left home with it three 
or four months prior ending to buy a house in South 
Carolina while staying with a nephew." 

Chennault had no drugs in his car. And how many 
hands had that money passed through before it came 
o his ssession? Yet, because the dog alerted, 
Chennault's money was all confiscated and he had to 
spend more than $, in court and attorney fees, 
us a coue of trips across country, to get his money 
back - with no reimbursement for his time or expenses. 
The state of Nevada, on the other hand, was now more 
than $, richer. 

A similar incident happened to Terrence Huff. On 
Dec. , while driving down - in Collinsville, ., 
another drug codor, Huff was pulled over for "weav- 
ing across lanes." 

Huff was also asked to step out of the car, and after 
running a check on Huff's license the officer agreed to let 
him go with a warning. As Huff started to get in the car, 
the officer piped up and said, "Let me ask you a question 
real quick." At that , Huff knew he was hosed. 

After firing off a series of rolling "no" questions, try- 
ing to get Huff to admit that he was carrying drugs or 
weans or cash, the officer thought Huff looked "ner- 
vous" and decided to call in the dogs. 

The officer had to take the dog around the car twice 
before it "alerted" to drugs, but it did so at the front of 
the car, out of view of the cop's dashboard camera. He 
exained that because the front of the car was down- 
wind the drug scent would be more noticeable at the 
front of the car. 

That alert was all it took to give the cop probable 
cause to search Huff's car, his luggage and all of his 
personal ssessions. Even though he found no drugs, 
the officer did tell Huff he found evidence of marijuana 
"shake" or residue under the seat, just enough to justify 
the use of the drug-snifhng dog. Huff was let off with a 
warning. With no drugs in evidence, and because Huff 
wasn't carrying anything valuable, the state of Illinois 
didn't make any extra money that day. 

 



DRUG-SNIFFING DOGS 
ARE A FARCE 

In each of these cases drug-sniffing dogs were used 
to create probable cause, thus enabling the lice to 
search the home or vehicle without a search warrant. 

Even more imrtant, in each of these cases the 
dogs were also called in based on unsubstantiated 
evidence - an anonymous tip or an inappropriate 
laugh or a nervous resnse to an imidation taic - 
something that couldn't be sworn to in a court of law. 

Make no mistake - these searches were all going to 
happen, and they were based solely on the assumption 
that there was property on hand worth seizing. The 
dogs were only called in as an enabling measure so the 
law enforcement authorities could legally seize assets, 
no matter how those assets were originally obtained. 

But Gene Papet, executive direor of K Resources, 
a company that trains drug-sniffing dogs, says they're 
not always reliable. In fa, the dogs can be trained to 
alert, even when there are no drugs around. 

"Just before the dog alerts, you can hear a change in the 
tone of the handler's voice. That's troubling," Papet said, 
after viewing the video of Huff's traffic stop. "I don't know 
anything about this particular handler, but that's often an 
indication of a handler that's cuing a resnse." 

"You also hear the handler say at one  that 
the dog alerted from the front of the car because the 
wind is blowing from the back of the car to the front, 
so the scent would have caed with the wind," 
Papet continued. "But the dog was brought around 
the car twice. If that's the case, the dog should have 
alerted the first time he was brought to the front of 
the car. The dog only alerted the second time, which 
corresnded to what would be consistent with a 
vocal cue from the handler." 

In the  Illinois v. Caballes case, the U.S. Supreme 
Court ruled that having a drug-sniffing dog check the 
exterior of a vehicle during a routine traffic stop was 
not a violation of the Fourth Amendment, but Justice 
David Souter dissented, ing to a study condued 
by the state of Illinois used in its own briefs that said 
drug dogs fail . to  percent of the time. 

As Papet stated, it's not that the dogs can't pick up 
the scent of the drugs, it's that they've been bred and 
trained to ease their handlers. That's what dogs do. 
So it's easy for even the most conscientious lice 



officer to unconsciously use body language that trig- 
gers the dog to alert. 

Even more eresting, in  the Chicago Tribune 
published a review of drug dog searches condued 
over a three-year period. Only  percent of the dog 
alerts anually led to the discovery of contraband, 
and for Hispanic drivers that rate dropped to only 
 percent, suggesting that drug dogs rea to their 
handlers' suspicions. 

DEFINITION OF 
PROPERTY 

Where are the boundaries? If lice officers and 
their drug-sniffing four-legged friends are allowed to 
go sniffing around inside your car and outside your 
home, without a search warrant, where do our Fourth 
Amendment rights begin and end? Can they search 
your garage or outbuildings? What about your fields or 
unused acres of land? 

In Oober, U.S. Distri Judge William Griesbach 
adopted a recommendation by U.S. Magistrate Judge 
William Callahan stating that lice are allowed, in 
some circumstances, to install hidden surveillance 
cameras on private property without obtaining a search 
warrant. The defendants in the case, Manuel Mendoza 
and Marco Magana of Green Bay, Wis., now also face 
federal drug charges after DEA agent Steven Curran 
claimed to have discovered more than , marijuana 
ants growing on their property. 

Brett Reetz, the attorney representing Mendoza and 
Magana, asked that the evidence against the two be 
dismissed on the grounds that it violated the Fourth 
Amendment. The heavily- wooded -acre property was 
clearly sted with "No Trespassing" signs, and there 
was also a locked gate across the entrance. Clearly, 
this was private property. 

But U.S. Attorney James Santelle argued that, 
"Placing a video camera in a location that allows 
law enforcement to record aivities outside of a 
home and beyond proteed curtilage does not vio- 
late the Fourth Amendment." 

Curtilage is the outdoor area immediately surround- 
ing the home, which "harbors the imate aivity 
associated with the sanity of a man's home and the 
privacies of life." In the  case United States v. Dunn 
the court stated: 

"[CJurtilage questions should be resolved with 



particular reference to four faors: the proximity of 
the area claimed to be curtilage to the home, whether 
the area is included within an enclosure surrounding 
the home, the nature of the uses to which the area 
is put, and the steps taken by the resident to prote 
the area from observation by people passing by. ... 
Rather, these faors are useful analytical tools only 
to the degree that, in any given case, they bear un 
the centrally relevant consideration  whether the 
area in question is so imately tied to the home itself 
that it should be aced under the home's "umbrella" 
of Fourth Amendment proteion." 

Reetz argues, "[T]hat one's aions could be recorded 
on their own property, even if the property is not 
within the curtilage, is contrary to society's concept 
of privacy. The owner and his guest... had reason to 
believe that their aivities on the property were not 
subje to video surveillance as it would constitute a 



THE EASIEST WAY 
FOR THE POLICE 
TO CONNECT YOUR 
MONEY OR PROPERTY 
TO ILLEGAL DRUG 
ACTIVITY IS TO HAVE 
ONE OF THEIR DRUG 
DOGS COME IN AND 
GIVE IT A SNIFF. 



violation of privacy." 

But in U.S. v. Dunn, the Supreme Court ruled that, 
"[OJpen fields do not provide the setting for those 
imate aivities that the Amendment is ended to 
shelter from government erference or surveillance." 

The Court also stated that open fields are usually 
accessible to the public, and even if "No Trespassing" 
signs are sted they're generally ineffeive, which 
seems to suggest that, because some average Joe 
out there is bound to trespass on your property 
sooner or later, that makes it perfely legal for the 
cops to violate your privacy, too. To heck with the 



i\\lfflf*f///// 



X CONVERSIONS SUSPENSION SYSTEMS 

ttJGOUJ, 








CDLDRADQCAMPERVAN.COM ^z^SS 

,. I ,. 




bib hE roomiest siurrfiesl pup loj; & 
in tfre industry, 



Turn key Carpentry, Custom Cabinetry 
Commercial and Residential Construion 



Constitution of the United States. 

And bringing it back around to the Jardines case with 
the drug-sniffing dogs, apparently "curtilage" ends at 
the tip of the drug-sniffing dog's nose. If that happens 
to be your front doorstep, so be it. 

A jury trial for the Mendoza/Magana case is sched- 
uled for Jan. , . 

IMPROVED 

TECHNOLOGY MEANS 

IT'S EVEN EASIER TO 

VIOLATE YOUR RIGHTS 

In January  the U.S. Supreme Court reached 
a surprisingly unanimous decision that requires 
lice to obtain search warrants before anting GPS 
tracking devices on vehicles, stating that the prac- 
tice strily violated American's Fourth Amendment 
rights to be free from warrantless searches. 

However, the agreement, while suggestive, fails to 
include using the GPS tracking abilities of cell phones 
and other mobile devices, nor does it include the use 
of drones for tracking and surveillance, and, as we've 
already seen, it doesn't matter anyway as long as they're 
conduing their surveillance outside the curtilage zone. 

And even the curtilage zone doesn't matter because 
the Supreme Court has held that aerial surveillance 
of curtilage is not included in the proteions from 
unwarranted search so long as the airspace above 
the curtilage is accessible by the public. 



THE DECLARATION OF 
INDEPENDENCE 

The Declaration of Independence states two very fun- 
damental prositions. First, the institution of govern- 
ment is created to prote our rights - not create them, 
dole them out to us or deny those rights whenever they 
don't jive with their needs 

The government is created to prote the rights that we, 
as human beings, are already endowed with by our Creator. 
The right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. As 
long as we're not infringing on someone else's rights, we're 
free to exercise our own rights any way we see fit. 

Second, when the government fails to prote those 
rights, we, the people, have not only the right, but the 
resnsibility, to change or abolish that government. 

In anticipation of the growth of a were hungry gov- 
ernment elite, the people of the United States demanded 
the inclusion of the Bill of Rights before they'd ratify 
the Constitution. That Bill of Rights included a list of 
amendments, things the government shall not be per- 
mitted to do, under any circumstance, ever. Included 
in that list is the Fourth Amendment, guaranteeing our 
right to be secure from warrantless search and seizure. 

The wolf is literally at the door. It's time that we, the 
American people, stop allowing the government to con- 
trol our lives and start rejeing the idea that the Federal 
Government has unlimited were. It doesn't. Instead, 
we need to be asking, "Where in the Constitution does 
it say the government has the authority to do that?" 




JOIN US IN OUR FIGHT AGAINST TYRANNY & HELP US SPREAD THE TRUTH 

i 




INFOWIR 





 



JAN 



FEB 




/ 




iwni 



APR 



MAY 




MM 




CONTACT INFADS@INFWARS.COM FOR MORE INFORMATION 

ADVERTISING SPACE IS LIMITED SECURE YOUR SPOT NOW 





A privacy rights watchdog is suing the 
Department of Homeland Security for 
information relating to the agency's prac- 
tice of loaning out Predator drones to law 
enforcement agencies in the U.S. 

The Eleronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) wants 
to obtain and make public details regarding the 
DHS' granting permission for domestic lice 
departments to borrow and operate the same type 
of drones that are used by the military in Afghani- 
stan and elsewhere. 

Information via news items, DHS press releas- 
es and word of mouth has made it apparent that 
the DHS is overseeing predator drone flights for 
a range of local, state and federal law enforce- 
ment agencies. 

The Customs and Border Proteion (CBP) is 
flying DHS drones fitted with video cameras, infra- 
red cameras, heat sensors, and radar. The Texas 
Rangers, as well as the Bureau of Land Manage- 
ment and the Department of Defense, have also 
used DHS drones. Even a county sheriff's depart- 
ment in North Dakota is rerted to have operated 
a predator drone belonging to the DHS. 

"We've seen bits and pieces of information on 
CBP's Predator drones, but Americans deserve the 
full story," said EFF Staff Attorney Jennifer Lynch. 

In Oober, the EFF filed suit in a federal court in 
San Francisco after the DHS did not resnd to a 
Freedom of Information A request. 

"Drones are a wereful surveillance tool that can 
be used to gather extensive data about you and 
your aivities. The public needs to know more 
about how and why these Predator drones are 
being used to watch U.S. citizens." 

The EFF is also suing the U.S. Federal Aviation 
Administration for similar information regarding 

 




authorization of drone 
flights by domes- 
tic lice depart- 
ments. The agency 
has released some 
information, but is 
resnding too slowly 
to FOIA requests, 
meaning any data 
EFF receives is already 
well out of date. 

"FAA's foot-dragging 
means we can't get a 
real-time piure of 
drone aivity in the 
U.S.," said Lynch. "If 
officials could release 
their records in a timely fashion - or publish it as 
a matter of routine on the FAA website - we could 
stop filing these FOIA requests and lawsuits." 



THE FULL EFF FOIA 
LAWSUITS CAN BE 
VIEWED HERE: 

eff.org/node/ 
eff.org/node/ 



Earlier this year, DHS Secretary Janet Nali- 
tano, or "Big Sis" as she will now forever be known, 
announced that the agency is preparing to use 
unmanned surveillance drones for the purses of 
"public safety." What that entails is anyone's guess. 

The DHS also ends to deoy another type 
of airborne drone surveillance, known as "aerial 
remote sensing" services, using LIDAR (Light 

INFWARS.COM 



Deteion And Ranging) technology. The very same 
technology is routinely utilized to track insurgents 
in Afghanistan and Iraq. The DHS says it ans to 
spend up to $ million on the spy system, for the 
purses of "emergency and non-emergency inci- 
dents" within the United States. Again, your guess 
is as good as ours as to what this really means. 

Other U.S. law enforcement bodies are already 
using drone technology to spy on Americans. In 
December last year, a Predator B drone was called 
in to condu surveillance over a family farm in 
North Dakota as part of a SWAT raid on the Bros- 
sart family, who were treated as suspes when 
six missing cows wandered onto their land. Local 
lice had already used the drone, which is based 
at Grand Forks Air Force Base, on two dozen occa- 
sions beforehand. 

Last summer, the DHS also gave the green light 
for lice departments in the United States to 
deoy the ShadowHawk mini-drone helicopter, 
which has the ability to taze suspes from above as 
well as the ability to carry  -gauge shotguns and 
grenade launchers. The drone, also used against 
insurgents in Afghanistan and Iraq, is already 
being used by the Montgomery County Sheriff's 
office in Texas, albeit unarmed for the moment. 

Other lice departments in Seattle, California, 
Florida and New York have recently met with stern 
opsition after announcing ans to roll out other 
smaller surveillance drones fitted with infrared 
capable HD cameras. 

A bill passed by Congress in February paves the 
way for the use of surveillance drones in US skies 
on a widespread basis. The FAA predis that by 
 there could be up to , drones in oper- 
ation nationwide. 

Recently released FAA documents obtained by 




the Center for Investigative Rerting revealed 
that the FAA gave the green light for surveillance 
drones to be used in U.S. skies despite the fa 
that during the FAA's own tests the drones crashed 
numerous times even in areas of airspace where 
no other aircraft were flying. 

The documents illustrate how the drones se 
a huge public safety risk, contradiing a recent 
coordinated PR campaign on behalf of the drone 
industry which sought to rtray drones as safe, 
reliable and privacy-friendly 

Critics have warned that the FAA has not aed 
to establish any safeguards whatsoever, and that 
Congress is not holding the agency to account. 

Another rert, released in September by the 
Congressional Research Service, found that "the 
prospe of drone use inside the United States 
raises far-reaching issues concerning the extent 
of government surveillance authority, the value of 
privacy in the digital age, and the role of Congress 
in reconciling these issues." 

"Police officers who were once relegated to naked 
eye observations may soon have, or in some cases 
already ssess, the capability to see through walls 
or track an individual's movements from the sky," 
the rert notes. "One might question, then: What 
is the proper balance between the necessity of the 
government to keep people safe and the privacy 
needs of individuals?" 

The "ability to closely monitor an individual's 
movements with pin accuracy may raise 
more significant constitutional concerns than 
some other types of surveillance technology," the 
CRS said. 

"Unless a meaningful distinion can be made 
between drone surveillance and more traditional 
forms of government tracking," the rert notes, 



LAST SUMMER, THE DHS ALSO 
GAVE THE GREEN LIGHT FOR 
POLICE DEPARTMENTS IN THE 
UNITED STATES TO DEPLOY 
THE SHADOWHAWK MINI- 
DRONE HELICOPTER, WHICH 
HAS THE ABILITYTO TAZE 
SUSPECTS FROM ABOVE AS 
WELL AS THE ABILITYTO 
CARRY -GAUGE SHOTGUNS 
AND GRENADE LAUNCHERS. 

"existing jurisprudence suggests that a review- 
ing court would likely uphold drone surveillance 
condued with no individualized suspicion when 
condued for purses other than stri law 
enforcement." 

Furthermore, the International Association of 
Chiefs of Police (IACP), the biggest union of law 
officials in the U.S., recently issued a stark warning 
about increased drone use. The union released guide- 
lines calling for a reassessment of the tential wide- 
spread use of aerial drones for domestic licing. 

Despite all these fas, surveys have revealed that 
close to half of Americans say they are in favor of 
lice departments deoying surveillance drones 
domestically. 

Steve Watson is the London-based writer and 
editor for www.infowars.com and www.prison- 
anet.com. He has a master's in ernational 
relations from the University of Nottingham. 

PRISNPLANET.COM 



DRONE "BRAINS"? 

Those pesky terrorists. Always jumping over fences 
and running off o the trees. Exaly how is the Pen- 

Itagon going to track their every move when they are 
so adept at such feats? The answere may come in the 
form of a new unmanned drone developed by DARPA 
that can autonomously dodge obstacles. 



IEEE Speurm rerts that Researchers at Cornell 
University, with funding from DARPA and Defense 
contraor Lockheed Martin, have developed hard- 
ware that as like a brain when it receives information 
from a camera, enabling a drone to dodge any obsta- 
cles it flies too close to. 

Software operating with the camera creates a D model 
of the surroundings and fires a "network of artificial 
neurons." The drone's "brain" then determines what 
objes are in its path and ots a route around them. 

The researchers say that in  out of  "autonomous 
flights in obstacle-rich environments," the drone 
avoided everything in its path and did not crash. In two 
of the tests it did collide with objes. The researchers 
say this was due to wind faors. They hope to develop 
the technology further to incorrate this, as well as 
moving objes, such as birds or anes. 

In their paper, titled Low-Powere Parallel Algorithms 
for Single Image based Obstacle Avoidance in Aerial 
Robots, the researchers note: "In outdoor robotic 
experiments, our algorithm was able to consistent- 
ly produce clean, accurate obstacle maps which 
allowed our robot to avoid a wide variety of obstacles, 
including trees, les and fences." It is clear that this 
technology is ended for domestic use. 

As we have noted, the FA As recent legislative 
onslaught has opened up U.S. skies to drones oper- 
ated by the military, federal government and law 
enforcement agencies, and private companies. 
However, critics have ed out that the FAA's own 
safety tests have proved anything but convincing. 

DARPA and Lockheed are clearly hoping that this 
new development will go some way to silencing those 
critics. Critics it will not silence, however, are those 
concerned for their privacy. Aivists have rounded on 
their local government representatives in many areas 
of the country in an attempt to stop the drone invasion 
before it gets out of hand. 

FAA documents recently obtained and released by 
the Eleronic Frontier Foundation have confirmed 
that the roll out of domestic unmanned drones will, 
for the most part, be focused solely on spying on 
the American people. When apying for a license to 
operate drones, an overwhelming amount of opera- 
tors stated that they ended to use the devices for 
surveillance. 

And don't think you can run off o the woods to hide. 
The DARPA drones are coming. . . 



 



HO HO HO NO ... 

call we pe/ 



THESE PAYS 

EVEN SANTA 

NASTOKNOW 

MS R/NTS 





Have a safe and Happy Holiday Season 
from The Law Office of Jamie Balagia. 

- LAW OFFICES OF JAMIE BALAGIA, P.C. . 

- THE DWI DUDE - 

. ALWAYS READY TO FIGHT FOR YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS!



Austin Offices 

 Murray Avenue - Manor TX  
P; .. - F: ,. 



San Antonio Offices 

 South Main Ave.San Antonio, TX  
P: .. 



DUDE.COM DWIDUDE.COM DRUGDUDE.COM 



WHAT'S THE RUSH ON 





HV ABOUT THE DOLLAR? 



written by ADAN SALAZAR 



everal governments' central banks and 
billionaires have made questionably sizable 
increases to their physical gold holdings over 
the past few years, withdrawing troves from 
U.S. and European banks in what can be erpreted as 
a bad omen for floundering fiat currencies. 

There are various exanations for the frenzied rush 
o the safety of the precious metal, the most obvious 
being gold's steadfast reputation as the world's most 
valuable and highly sought-after metal. Purchasing gold 
could stabilize a country's currency reserves, or could 
help amass and prote national wealth. 

Some countries, however, are buying gold as a 
hedge against the gradual, but seemingly inevitable, 
devaluation of the once-prosperous world reserve 
currency, otherwise known as the Federal Reserve Note 
or U.S. dollar. This trend should be recognized and 
heeded as a warning. 




Numerous central banks have seen the proverbial 
"writing on the wall" and have been purchasing gold 
in huge amounts. In the past  years, we've witnessed 
gold's price steadily increase and spike at around 
$,., an all-time high for the yellow metal that, 
just four years ago, was valued below $, (In reality, 
the value of gold has stayed the same; it's the dollar's 
purchasing were that's dwindled.) 

According to Bloomberg News, "Nations bought . 
tons in the first half of  and may add close to  
tons for the year, the London-based World Gold Council 
said in August." 

In , Mexico's central bank increased its gold 
holdings from seven to approximately  tons, an 
increase of , percent. They further purchased . 



PRISNPLANET.COM 



metric tons this past March. 

Brazil recently increased their gold reserves for the 
first time in four years to . tons this past September. 
South Korea's central bank also picked up about half a 
million troy ounces in the same month bringing their 
national tally to about  tons. 

This past July, Russia bumped up its gold reserves by 
about  million troy ounces. "According to the World 
Gold Council, Russia has more than doubled its gold 
reserves in the past five years," MartketWatch rerted 
in September. 

In November , Turkey's central bank boosted their 
holdings by . tons and Ukrainian central banks also 
bought up gold as well, the former's prime minister, Recep 
Tayyip Erdogan, recently suggesting Turkey return to the 
gold standard, a currency system in which legal tender is 
backed up by and could be exchanged for aual gold. 

Analysts agree that gold's high demand by central 

 



banks facilitates the constant ebb and flow of the st 
price urging it to stay mainly sitive. Commodities 
analyst at Standard Chartered Pic Dan Smith told 
Bloomberg News in Oober: "We expe strong buying 
by central banks to continue. They will be encouraged 
by lowere prices and continued woes about inflation 
and currency risks." 

WHO ELSE IS BUYING? 

Central banks aren't the only ones getting in on the 
gold bonanza. 

In , India imrted  tons of gold, not to fill 
their central bank vault or to balance their reserves, 
but to meet consumer demand. India heavily uses gold 
to produce jewelry, and citizens also give it as gifts 
during special occasions like weddings and festivals. 
On specially designated holidays marked on the Indian 
Hindu calendar, the public is encouraged to purchase 
gold for various symbolic reasons. 

Billionaire and investment banker George Soros, in 
August , sold his equity sitions in major financial 
stocks and went about acquiring approximately , 
shares (about $ million) of gold through the SPDR 
Gold Trust. Soros is a major insider and his move 
from stocks to gold preceded the Fed's "QE Unlimited" 
announcement one month later. 

In the same month, another investor/billionaire, John 
Paulson, according to Bloomberg, "raised his stake in an 



exchange-traded fund tracking the price of gold while 
selling other stocks during the second quarter, leaving 
his $ billion hedge fund with more than  percent of 
its U.S. traded equities tied to bullion." In , Paulson 
gave a speech to the University Club in New York City 
prediing a $, per ounce st price if gold and 
paper monies continued their trends. 

SO, WHAT'S DRIVING THE 
PRICE UP? 

It's safe to say that gold prices are being kept artificially 
low. Our fiat paper dollar has no real rinsic value and 
is only "legal tender" because federal laws declare it be 
accepted under penalty of fine or imprisonment. 

As previously noted, the value of gold really isn't going 
up; it's not becoming "more valuable." It's the dollar's 
purchasing were that's dying. 

Joseph Plummer's book Dishonest Money discusses 
America's first fiat currency which appeared around 
. Massachusetts had failed a military campaign 
against Quebec and was left in debt and unable to pay 
her troops. Rather than raise taxes, the state decided to 
issue pred paper money. Here's what happened: 

"As the pring presses inflated the money supy, 
legal tender laws were instituted to ensure the worthless 
paper was accepted. Prediably, gold and silver coins 



disappeared from circulation in the colonies. (Why 
pay with real money when all you could expe was 
fiat paper in return?) The only time gold and silver 
coins were spent was with foreigners who demanded 
real money as payment for their produs and services. 
This steadily drained the colonies' total supy of gold 
and silver. As the supy of gold and silver dwindled, 
ernational trade nearly ceased. (Foreigners had no 
erest in trading their produs for fiat paper; who 
could blame them.)" 

Inflation, decreased confidence in the dollar, 
speculation, supy and demand and out- of- control 
pring presses are the main reasons the price of gold 
appears to be rising. 

WANING CONFIDENCE IN 
FIAT CURRENCIES 

Some countries' leaders are anticipating rough 
financial waters ahead and are going as far as to 
repatriate their gold. 

Late last year, Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez 
demonstrated his loss of faith in fiat currencies when he 
announced ans to retrieve $ billion of his country's 
gold from their stores in Switzerland, England, the 
United States, Canada and France. Chavez exained 
the move as a safeguard against instability in financial 



JE ARE BEING 
I 




markets, but had previously stated that he wanted to 
eliminate the "diatorship" of the U.S. dollar. 

According to the Wall Street Journal, with the price 
of gold rising, Chavez said it made more sense to store 
his country's gold at home: "...we don't only have oil 
wealth; we also have one of the largest reserves of 
gold in the world so we might as well convert it o 
our ernational reserves because gold is increasing 
in value." 

Ecuador's government also recently made it known 
they wanted to bring $. billion in gold back to their 
country. 

The World Gold Council's Gold Demand Trends second 
quarter  rert shows that Kazakhstan also increased 
holdings from . to  tons in resnse to the flailing 
dollar: 

"THE BANK PREVIOUSLY STATED THAT IT 
PLANS TO BUY THE COUNTRY'S ENTIRE 
DOMESTIC PRODUCTION OVER THE NEXT 
TWO TO THREE YEARS IN ORDER TO 
REDUCE ITS RELIANCE ON THE U.S. DOLLAR 
AS A RESERVE ASSET..." 

Recently, Germany, who has, since the Cold War, 
stored approximately , tons of gold below the 



Federal Reserve Bank of New York, grew uncomfortable 
with the direion of the U.S. economy. Since May, some 
German liticians have been requesting an audit of the 
bank, however, the bank's stri security does not allow 
for even owners to view their own gold. 

This situational irony isn't lost on trends researcher 
Gerald Celente, who earlier this year said, "It's not 
only Germany [who's gold is missing], it's the United 
Sates, it's all of the countries. Nobody knows what's 
in Fort Knox. They won't let anybody in. Where's the 
gold in the United States? How come we can't go in 
and look in Fort Knox?" 

Across the nd, the euro is also on shaky ground and 
seems to be imitating the dollar's descent. In August, 
British investment banker Lord Jacob Rothschild 
revealed a £. billion (approximately U.S. $ billion) 
investment in RIT Capital Partners, an investment trust 
of which he is the executive chairman, upping a three 
percent net short to seven percent, meaning RIT would 
stand to more greatly benefit if and when the price of 
the eurozone's official currency decreased. 




Evidently, these three billionaires and various central 
banks may be trying to tell us something. Their aions 
could be the canary in the goldmine indicating financial 
disaster is coming. How these currencies have managed 
to stay up as long as they have is anybody's guess. 

A currency based on debt makes it imssible to 
maain economic solvency. While a return to the gold 
standard may not be the answere to our problems, it's 
certain that individual ownership of gold would provide 
tremendous security in the event of a financial collapse. 
Those who only ssess fiat paper money may find 
themselves wishing they had gone in. 

Adan Salazar is associate editor at www.infowars.com 
and is an avid civil rights and due process advocate. 



As mentioned, the price of gold per ounce has almost 
doubled in the last four years alone. 






_____^^___ 



PROTECT ' 

LIVE BEYOND ORGANIC 





beyond organic 



Visit organ icirtsiderSi com for your free Organ if Rert 



Proteion against the government and 

corrations that have taken over the 

organic food supy 





IWM: What got you o art and specifioalwZ!` u 

you oouae up  jth the name ^oT * ' "" `' a ' S? A|S ° h 

artistic presence. ty lle buiIdl "g a strong 

adolescence, and thia was ,„„„„ u "* ° n Welfare m ° st of my 

. ^  me P „„e rfu ; ` a itr^tr a hari ,o make ti ^ 
~ s shaM my thoughG :r:^?;::r nd ,itfcai 

IWM: Describe the process of how you take an i^ a f 

formation that „ k es p, ace ^ R ^T *^ *" " "" " 

-;r "^z prajec,,re thinki °  *"- * -* 

on my aurt.ce a „ Co`"" ^"'^ "* ' -*-* 
halpnal i„ e Mutins ^ "H"' " " S,M,h "* *<"* 'see b„ t „ W ry 

IWM: Your reoent mural in England (NWO Is the Enemu „, u 

eresting oonfrontation stay vvhnt hi  ' ma "" y) nas a " 

with the locais who were I a T,hl T *"' "" " V °" C ° m `` M, o 

M-w M do Hi „odw h r,r: t :`:: ir ^* 

detention Bnk „ ith some ^ ^  - £-PI was r ,„ . 
hey let me go about my travels I came to „ .' tereogation 

---„ fthea u:x: p mT:^i:r a r yt ; 

Musltms who UVe he mt n T ' "" Cm "° m "' by * `" 

eye from the bac k „t / " T* ~  " "- <*"* 

was trying „ brfa. LT """*"">< eye - "«>PW«d that  

wr..e«„:„r: :;:::t; thew r edbyask, "  " ,eK 
-*. H ; „ ani ,. ras tk them abaCd'^w ;:cx r "^ 

- of the dia Jc clmmTgTh t Td D ° me T ' ** "" '"" * the ^oc 
London was desrtoy^ few d I ' mUra ' aSai " St ^ """"'" " 

mural was about the elite banker ruling class and Z T * ^ My 



ARTIST PROFILE 



-^p 



H 





\ C ° nfrnt &** ^ world order suprt*," Because of , h" , "  
S created by these (as I call th«m f hyStena 

With everyday: imperialism all over the wnHH r , 

ZeIIr ,he,n,er " e,Ch %.o  e t the word out 
Ml: I have beeome a blog maniac , share much of wha, I do with 

'; What is the biggest p rob ,em facing humanity? 
accepting whatever we're given % ** * " ° PP ° Sed to 

-iery has sheo o f for mol d " ^^" " hat 
^ve^eofonap^eoriveoranorher ^ '""^ we re always „„ 

IWM: What is next lor Mear One' 
- - w„h oor world and hu ma„,ry ZT^ZTZ^' 











**V<$; 



*«i 



W 



oV 



PRISNPLANET.COM 



#^ 



PUBLIC PREYS 



ACROSS 



. Salts zombies crave 

. American Bankers Association and a sleeveless garment 

worn by Arabs 

. Madrid's emergency resnse sys. 

. It can be big, like pharma 

. It's manipulated by Monsanto 

. Hawaiian official who certified Obama's questionable 
birth certificates 

. Kind of deal 

. Emotion Jones feels for eugenicists 

. Ancient East Roman fortress city 

. Using ECHELON, GPS, or RFID to surveil society is an 
exame of this type of attack 

. Old Greek mistress 

. KRS-One is one 

. Purse of the Warren Rert, / Commission Re- 
rt, and Financial Crisis Inquiry Rert, non-zombies say 
. Persian language 

. Bank Identifier Code or a brand name of pens and 
razors 

. Normal resnse to the photo of Zombie attack viim 
Pop's chewed off face 

. Three final lett. in a freedom request 

. Early movies 

. Marxists Internet Archive or Miami's nickname 

. Aware of 

. It purifies GMO? 

. Palestinian Sunni Islamic party governing the Gaza 
Strip 

 Operation Northwoods, Operation Gladio, or Opera- 
tion Fast and Furious 
. Poke fun at 

. Jones's rants on public radio 

 Citigroup, Chase, and Comerica were lendees in this
financial free-for-all 

. Author of Spies, Lies, and Whistlebloweres: MI, MI 
and the Shayler Affair 

. Bamako is its capital 

. First woman Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia 

. Things that can be pros? 

. Between Two : America's Role in the Technetronic 

Era 

. Transrtation Security Administration and Time- 
stamping Authority 

. "Cashless society control" and "were" followeres? 
 Giuliani said: "Freedom is about the willingness of 
every single human being to..." 

. Message Obama may have repeated to himself during 
his presidential campaign: can! 



DOWN 






. Arab socialist party 

. Opsite of differ 

. Barack Obama's Rules for Revolution: TheAlinsky 
Model is one 

. Names of lords on the old Nazi propaganda radio pro- 
gram Germany Calling 

. Flesh-eating, zombie-like Hindu se 

. -Down 

. Bet blindly 

. Homeland Security wants this kind of person to say 
something? 

. Places filled with vice and corruption, like D.C. and 
Vegas 





















By David Mivshek 




 


 


 


 




 


 


 


 


I  


 


 


 


 


























 






  






 










 






  






  










 








 










 












 












 










 








 


 








 


 


 




 




 


 


 


 


 






  


 


 








 


 






 






 




 




  


 














 


 








 


 








^ 


 






 








 


 


 


 












 


 
















 








 






 








 












 










 








 






 i i 


+ 
 i 


 








 









: Governmentless order [ 

: First woman to receive tticNobel Prize  ; \ 

. Autocratic proclamation 

. Basic text of the Quran - 

. Flavored soft drinks r 

. USAF system that monitors and retargets nuclear 
missiles 

. Cyber City 

 Get the most votes, supsedly 

. Paranormal fighter over Germany 

. Advanced Intelligent Network or a biblical city 

. Rodent that developed tumors from eating Monsanto 
GMO corn 

. Qasr 

. "And ye shall know the truth and the truth shall make 
you free" is this agcy.'s motto 

. Vital essences of ancient Egyptian souls 
. Bay of Pigs is one 

. Angeles 

. Richest woman in the Middle East 
. Follows a unique one? 
. Dexterity 

. Evaluate 

. / enemies are this, Bermas says 

. Keep the peace 

. Middle name of Socialist International's vice-president 

. Zombie-like mental state 

INFWARS.COM 



. Saddam Hussein's necktie? 

. Sattva, rajas, and tamas 

. German citizen spy org. 

. Noise feared by opsers of the Second Amendment? 

. Emergency Management Assistance Corration or an 
Ape computer model 

. Emotion Jones feels when talking about the New World 
Order 



p 


L 





C 


E 




L 


A 


M 


P 


 


T 


A 


P 


S 


c 


U 


B 


A 


N 


E 


R 





L 


s 


T 





A 


 


N 


A 


L 


E 


F 


E 


M 


A 


c 


A 


M 


P 


S 


L 


A 


M 


E 


R 


T 


A 


S 


T 







S 





S 


T 


R 


A 


N 


G 







E 


s 


C 






D 


Y 


N 


A 


M 







T 


H 


 


N 


K 


A 


G 


R 


A 




 


S 


M 


S 




E 


 


 


 


N 


E 


A 


R 


T 


E 


X 


A 


S 




C 


E 


L 


L 


T 


A 


M 


E 




A 


 


G 


A 


K 


E 


E 


L 


 


R 


A 


N 


 




T 


 


E 


L 


A 


P 






D 


N 


R 




E 


G 





 


S 


M 


S 


R 


C 




D 


 


E 


G 







L 


 


N 


E 


A 


L 





N 


G 


C 





U 


N 


T 


A 


N 


G 


R 


Y 


 


M 


A 


M 


 


T 


R 





T 


E 


T 


Y 


M 


A 


P 


E 


S 


o 


s 





D 





A 


S 








N 



NO HYDRIGENATE OIL  HO GMO  NO ADDED MSB 




°'/«fay P* c 
HO LID A Y SAMPLER GIFT PA CK 

Only . SAVE OVER % on  Servings 

A -Serving supy of our top-selling, most pular items including breakfast, 
 varieties of delicious and hearty soup, and  healthy entrees us drink and I 



samer gift pack makes a great gift for family and loved ones - what about 
those hard-to-find gifts for mom and dad? This is it! 

 -SERVING EMERGENCY FOOD KIT 

SAVE OVER % on  Servings 

This essential emergency kit includes  total servings -  breakfast, lunch, 
and dinner entrees us  servings of rice, drinks, and desert. More than enough 
food to feed  adults for a full week. Plus, you get the compa and durable cube 
stove with  eFuel Discs making it very sime to boil water and cook your meal 
no matter what the situation. Be ready for anything. 

mj(JJ\LJS: For every $ order of any Food Supy, you'll receive an Emergency Food Kit FREE. 



"S 



Hot 







rr 






«fei 


M 




' 




ff 






mk 




lr^ * 



\ 











I 



R 






I ONLY trust the high quality, 
great tasting produs from 
eFoodsDire for my food supy. 
Take control of your greatest 
dependency - FOOD.'' < 



midas resources your trusted source for precious metals 







fflS 














are you prepared? 

Recently the financial times and others 
have rerted the Federal Reserve is an- 
ning on flooding the market with more 
greenbacks and further devaluing the 
currency. 

Economists note that QE is a hidden tax 
by devaluing your purchasing were. It is 
a tax against the or and the middle class. 

Gold has been a hedge against inflation for 
six thousand years, midas resources is the 
trusted name with incredible deals, allows 
% above cost and a wide range of other 
coins, both bullion and numismatic* 



I  

t! 

w o 

II 

^ e 

O  X 

QUO 

w ^ ° 
i- ? ° 

S I a 

s s * 

- £ * 

fe* s 

> © > 

til 
!!? 

£ S 



£E 



